I was a makeup artist & hairstylist, I was everyone’s best friend, and I was the home and the partner that we all deserve to have…. These days, however, I’m just not the same. I had cut myself out of the world we all live in the second that my heart was forced through hell. I fought for years to hold onto it, along with everything I always was. I might have made it out alive but when I’m alone, and I’m always alone, I get lost in the memories of every person, friend, and all the things I once had. I was happy, I was hopeful, I was love at its fucking core, an unbreakable storm - and it breaks me everyday accepting the person I’ve been left living as now. I was everything then that I struggle to live without now.  I was strong. I was young. I was whole. 

Now all I am is broken. 

My name is Xae. 

I have been so many things in what I used to refer to as “this beautiful life of mine”. I used to be a social media King, I was a Cosmetologist, master of beauty, I was the photographer and the model, I was the addict and more times than not I was the dealer of every high that offered to intensify our human mind’s perception of being happy. I have been a great friend and an even better lover - I have been almost everything but the thing I found myself to always have been consistently was a home maker for the love of my life, Elijah. 


“On This Day” used to mean “Look at how far I’ve come.”

But now…

Days begins and nights end with my phone daring me to view my “Memories On This Day”.

Reliving memories of the life that we’ve had is supposed to make us feel alive again. 

Mine only surround me with whispers whom vow to always make me remember just how broken I am.

Some memories deserve to be forgotten - but they are always the m the ones that have been burned into us so that we never will. 

Blood soaked shirt and tear stained eyes - I have nothing left to give and I’ve been scraped clean inside like a crack pipe in the hands of a fiend desperate to get high. No matter what I’ve done for someone or the price it cost - it has yet to be enough to find me deserving to feel a piece of the love that vanished from my life. Love is what I was made of, it filled every crevice of me. Now all that’s left of me is - empty. 

Hi, my name’s Christian, I prefer the name Xae which stands as a combination of my first and middle names, Christian Anthony (Xtian AnthonE) - however I am also known as Chuletta as of recent days, while my friends from my past, well, they call me Baebe. 

I was a makeup artist & hairstylist, I was everyone’s best friend, and I was the home and the partner that we all deserve to have…. These days, however, I’m just not the same. I had cut myself out of the world we all live in the second that my heart was forced through hell. I fought for years to hold onto it, along with everything I always was. I might have made it out alive but when I’m alone, and I’m always alone, I get lost in the memories of every person, friend, and all the things I once had. I was happy, I was hopeful, I was love at its fucking core, an unbreakable storm - and it breaks me everyday accepting the person I’ve been left living as now. I was everything then that I’ve since been left to live without. 

If You See Me Now
Written by: Christian Salvaje
Nov 5, 2019



(Verse I)
Poetic at my best,

that’s all they’ll see me as.

Remembered for these subtle words,

never knowing who I am.


The life I’ve learned to live,

has cut me down to size.

I’ll never be what I believed

I was waiting for.

It’s just not my time. 



(Chorus)
And if you see me now,

Could you tell me I am something more?

Or would you watch me drown,

snd sink down to the ocean floor. 

Forever holding out,

lungs betrayed with dreams of open air. 

And now the sun’s burned out,

as I’m pulled back into the serpents lair. 




(Verse II)
The voices in my head,

Reminding me that’s where they’ll always be.

The drugs can’t save me now,

Hatred, pain, dismay, anxiety.

The fog is rolling in,

Thick as thieves in a midnight city. 

Here comes the water now,

It’s sink or swim and I’m not ready.



(Chorus)
And if you see me now,

Would you tell me that I’m something  more?

Or would you watch me drown

and sink down to the ocean floor. 

Forever holding out,

lungs betrayed with dreams of open
air.

And now the sun’s burned out

as I’m pulled back into

the serpents lair.



(Bridge)

Is this my life?

Or has the world gone dark?


As I’m screaming out

all I see is black,

something grabs my hand

and pulls me through the storm. 

Lightening blinds my eyes

I’m deafened by thunders roar.




(Refrain)
So if you can see me now,

will you tell me that

I’m something more?


Or would you watch me drown

and sink down to the oceans floor

forever holding out.

Lungs betrayed with dreams

of open air. 


And the suns burns out

As I’m pulled back into

the serpents lair.


I’ve trusted you, but trusting you is the only thing that you remember. I wish that was what I had to remember - but I trusted you.

I trusted you in the house that you were going to pay off. I trusted you with the money that was supposed to start our new life when we were forced to sell it.

I trusted you in the letter you promised you would never leave again. I trusted you in the Airbnb you left me waiting for you in. 

I trusted you when Josie dropped you off at my moms. I trusted you when you said Bret was just your friend. 

I trusted you when we went to Home Depot. I trusted you when you put a gun to my head. 

I trusted you when we had to pack up and leave. I trusted you in the car when you fell asleep. 

I trusted you when we went out day drinking. I trusted you in the parking lot where you and Bret left me. 

I trusted you everyday in the rental car, through the arrest and the release and sleeping on the beach and then all the way home to turn myself in. I trusted you when I was incarcerated for the second time, and everyone of the 8 days you spent with Bret. 

I trusted you in the court room I risked 20 years of my life to protect you in. I trusted you in the apartment of the boy you had been cheating on me with.

I trusted you - every time you left. 

I trusted you every time you did what you did. 

There’s one thing you don’t get to demand, because I have given you every last drop of it. Trust is supposed to be earned - but I trusted you with all every oz I had and you don’t get to threaten to leave me for the fact that you never came back with any of it. . I have none left - but you yelled at me like I chose that. I did trust you - and just like now, I won’t ever stop trying to. I wish I had the answer you wanted me to give you. But I can’t. Trusting you is something I’ve been taught to feel terrified of doing. 

I wish that all I had to remember was that I trusted you - because it sucks knowing that’s only something I get to start to do when you realize that I don’t have a reason to. 

Write about how it felt to be abandoned for 2 years, in the house that was supposed to be our home, surrounded by strangers liars and thieves that the man who had promised to protect us had invited into our home only to join them as they all reveled in the chaos that the crystal meth that we had been foolish enough to smoke constantly had them craving. Left alone trying to hold onto everything we once loved. Alone to care for the baby kittens that Kaida had blessed us with, all 15 of them - Trixie, Pixie, Sheba, Sammy, Midnight, Patches, Kaido, Keto , Shenzi, and Baebe. To find a way to survive through winter with no electricity to keep us warm or water in the summer to quench our thirst. Left fighting alone until everything was gone forever, just like our only home. When there was nothing left, he finally returned, but everything was already gone and we were broken inside. Our home was gone, we had nowhere to go. The last 2 kittens Kaida ever had were the only souls that had survived the chaos that destroyed Wanderlust.

I hate myself, Deacon I hate myself for thinking, giving up our sobriety would really just be for one night or or two of amazing intimacy with you.

Doesn’t matter what I say you, because I all of this already. I know exactly what this drug does to you. . .

No matter what I say or if I just tell you that I love you - you somehow convinced yourself that I did something to be humiliated and lied to. 

I did nothing wrong the entire summer we wandered homeless and on the run because using Bret’s mom’s  credit card was what you chose to do, I did nothing wrong when I turned myself in to be arrested because stealing Bret’s dad’s  gun was what you chose to do. I did nothing wrong when i took you to spend a night at your moms even though a night with Bret at ur moms is what you chose to do. I did nothing wrong when I told you I knew that the second i was locked inside a prison cell, downloading Grindr to spend time alone with a boy who sends you nudes was what you chose to do.

1/26/2022

I’m sending this message to you because as of late I never seem to finish what I’m trying to say before I’m interrupted with what someone thought I was going to say. 😔

Do you remember the night you asked me if I relapsed and I told you that I did? If you do then you remember sitting downstairs in the Airbnb with me and asking to smoke with me too. You remember that first moment when I agreed and looking at me asking me what was wrong because you could tell that something was bothering me - and you remember me telling you i was just mad that I had let myself get high again. Well, that was only half of the truth. 

What bothered me so much wasn’t my own relapse, I could handle that. It wasn’t even so much about being the cause of your relapse, although that was part of it. What bothered me the most was the feeling in my stomach that knew exactly how this would go - because this drug is a cycle. What it does, it always does, eventually. 

I knew we would have fun, we would laugh and we would spend some much needed time being intimate again. I knew that we would start to go out and do things like we used to, and that it would be fun to us and we would both feel like we could handle doing it again. But then I knew what came next and that’s what was killing me inside that night.. because I knew that weeks of having fun would pass meaning we still hadn’t stopped and had done nothing to move ourselves towards checking in to rehab like we had planned. 

This is the cycle that we get lost in, and this is what going somewhere was supposed to fix.

We’re at the part now where you tell me I am distant when the reality is, Im not any further away then I was when we started. The distance that you feel between us is the space between the things we’re focusing on. I’m trying to find the balance between doing what we planned on and spending time alone with you. I start to sleep again, most every night. I wake up alone and find you already awake and in the living room. It’s past noon by the time I get into the shower to clean up and get ready to spend time with you, and as always I take the 2 hours to do so that I always do. Meaning when I’m out its almost time for my mom to get home and we argue because i feel like my time is cut short with you and knowing it’s my fault because I take so long to get ready. At first you tell me you’re not mad, eventually you start to let me know how much it annoys you. When you do, I start to blame you for not waking me up so the hours I got ready didn’t cut into my time with you. 

So we’ll spend the time until my mom gets home arguing while pretending that we’re not. Eventually my anxiety will get so out of control every day from knowing how the day is going to go that I start hating living here and you will too. So we’ll try to find somewhere else to go, but because we have no money we’ll struggle to do so.  We’re so stressed out and hell bent on getting away from here by then that you’ll find a way to do it, and if the cycle that we’ve lived repeats itself - you’ll have reached out to anyone who can offer you the chance to leave. And more likely than not - you’ll leave me here alone. I won’t understand - and when I beg you to come back, you’ll tell me I had distanced myself from you again. 

But the truth is - we just had nowhere else to go. 

I focused on finding a way to do it - while realizing that I had completely stopped doing everything we had originally set our minds on doing. Getting jobs, saving for an apartment, or going to rehab - it’s all the same in the end. I end up alone, because I’m focused on both - and you just keep focusing on finding somewhere else to go. 

I’m not blaming you. I’m not blaming me. But I am writing down the choices we make and matching them to story we already know. Maybe I’m wrong - but as I see it we’re almost to the part where you think I’m the problem and start to believe that I’m a piece of what you want to get away from.  Idk what to do - because once again, you’re the thing I’m focused on and I have completely stopped doing what we had both set our minds on because i know the day is coming where Im left to do it on my own. 

Iloveyou. 

And though i love getting high and spending hours and days alone with you - I hate myself for letting it do exactly what I knew it will always do. Leave me to love you, without you. 

🥀😔

You can mock me for what I looked like when I was sobering up from a 3 year meth addiction that I never wanted and that cost me my home, my husband, and every happy memory I ever had. But I can promise you - it’s coming to cost you the same thing. 

This drug takes away every feeling of remorse or guilt away from anyone who hurts you - so they will continue to use you and lie to you and make you think you’re going crazy every time you find a piece of proof - until you have nothing left they want - and then they’ll leave you and no matter how much you break or how hard you beg them to see your pain - they won’t care.

By the time you’re able to see what it’s done, meth will have left you as empty as them. It’s a cycle that never ends. It has cost me to hate everything about the life I’ve been left to live- and it took away the boy who loved me for the last 10 years of my life and it turned the best friend I ever had.m into a shell of a human. And it left me as the picture you mocked me with. Those boys were the most beautiful people in my world before meth and its addiction came back for them.

Hateful has never been the person I used to be. You knew me too - once. 

You hurt me - and I could have hurt you. I had every right to. But I didn’t - and more than that Nathan, I was kind to you. 

Mock me if you want. I never did a damn thing to deserve been ridiculed by anyone - most especially you. 







You aren’t the first to fall for it though. God knows you won’t be the last.

And as far as Josie goes - nobody has a right to judge me for the disgust I have for him. He was my favorite person in this world - right next to Deacon. After enduring 2 years of lying and coming back repeatedly taking my fiancé away from me - laughing at me as I’m screaming and crying begging him to leave before we lost everything -  and coming back the night Deacon had finally agreed to getting sober with me only to offer him an endless supply of meth deals and a home with his friends in Hastings - until the drugs consumed them both until Deacon became desperate enough to sell our home and run away with Josie spending every penny of it, and when he was finally broke - Josie dropped him off having had been caught sleeping with the dope man. 

I lost everything because Josiah chose to enable my husband while they both destroyed everything we had. 

And that has left me hating him.

He could have chose to be a friend - to be as good of a friend as I had been to him. But he didn’t choose that. He chose to sleep with my husband and come back over and over to do it again. 

I was kind - I was happy - I loved every moment of the beautiful life I lived. 

And I fought until I was as empty as I am now - to stop the chaos and the addiction and to separate 2 people I loved from enabling the destruction they were both causing all around them - until my fiancé and the life we loved to live - were fractions of the hope they used to be to me. 

Chapter 1

This beautiful life of mine - that’s what I called it.

Because that’s exactly what it was; it was beautiful.. it was mine.

Love was my moon that always kept light in this dark world; but even on its brightest of nights, darkness would survive in the shadows. 

I’m trying to understand what is really going on but none of this makes any fucking sense. 

I don’t know what he tells you, or Nathan, or Nike. I only know what he tells me but clearly I’ve been left to look like the crazy person who chases him around - allover again. 

So I guess I hope you take the time to read this - im going to tell you exactly what he tells me and hope it’s enough for you to share the pieces that don’t line up with what you know…

First thing - he continues to tell me repeatedly that he isn’t sleeping with anyone but me and I have no reason to be worried that he is because his intentions are only with me.
He tells me that he has no intentions with you and your intentions are purely on running bags and spending time with all your “sugar daddies” as he calls them. 
He tells me that he has no intentions with Nathan and Nathan is dealing with psychosis from a GHb overdose and that’s the reason for the messages he sent to Deacon saying he loved him and calling him his partner. 
He tells me that the only reason I’m not welcome at Nikes apartment is because she doesn’t have a good taste in her mouth about me for the little bit she does know about me, because that is your friend. He also tells me Nathan has been staying there with her too due to night terrors from his Psychosis. 
Ultimately what he tells me every single time I drop him off is that you and Nathan know a lot of people who smoke the shit he has been selling - that’s the justification he gives for talking to 2 boys he cheated on me with. And then he tells me in the end he will have a chance to take over Nike’s lease, if I would just “shut the fuck up and chill” for long enough then you’d all have helped him make enough money to pay off my court fines and still save enough to have whatever we needed when the time came to take over Nikes lease and I could move in. 

I know there’s a different story he has to telling you and I’m sure the one you know is different from the one Nathan’s been told. I’ve thought that for a while but I finally saw a piece of it these last few days when you told me he asks you to hide him like he doesn’t kiss me and tell me he loves me every time he leaves - and yesterday when I dropped him off at the front door for the first time and had yelled his name to get his attention as he was walking inside and he turned around and looked me dead the eyes and said “stop freaking out or im going to call the cops on you”  - like he didn’t just tell me he was going to give you a bag to sell and would be back in “2 hours tops” to spend the night, again, with me. Like I was freaking out at all… like it was a big secret that he’s my partner and the world had to think he wanted nothing to do with me..  but that’s not the story he keeps coming back to make make me believe, every time he cones back to sleep with me and tells me he loves me… 

The last 4 times I’ve dropped him off to sell a quick sack - hr tells me he’ll call me to come pick him up again in an hour or 2 but then turns his phone off and comes back the next day saying he fell out and slept all night, or had been chasing down dope or money he’s owed in Lincoln - the only fights we ever have is : 
if I assume he’s been lying to me about his time with Nathan and you
Or if I try to tell him it’s wrong to talk to any boy you cheated with on your partner. 

Whatever crazy I am or world ending arguements you all think we have, it’s not true. Because we didn’t fight, at all. Until he started talking to the boys who did me wrong. And that’s the reason he didn’t come home that night. Because I found his hidden texting app and confronted him about it. And he’s been gone ever since. 

So that’s what I know. That’s everything I’ve been told. Believe it or not, I’m over fighting with you. I had finally started smiling again and felt for the first time in a long time that I would find the happiness I was missing in the world we were creating, a world that people who had been willing to hurt me didn’t exist in. Now I’m just trying to find the reason they’re back in it - because I don’t believe the one he gives me.

He’s not your employer, you’re not making him money, Nathan’s doesn’t know a million addicts for Deacon to sell to, he’s not calling D his partner because the psychosis he has from overdosing.  We have our own reasons to be fighting you and me - but Nathan and Nike and anyone who has never even met me, there’s no reason I’ve given anyone to think I’m anything but everything I’ve done to still be here loving Deacon. 

If I’m wrong then im sorry. 2 years of being lied to has made it hard to trust anything anyone tells me. 

But if im not - before you block me or ignore me. . . I hope you find it in you to offer me the “truth” he has given to you.  I’ve spent enough years being run down and lied to by people who never had a reason to.  I’m facing 20 years for a stolen firearm, a felony that I didn’t commit. A gun that was held to my head - and I’m protecting the person who held it. If he’s using me - I don’t deserve that. Nobody does. Not me, not you, not even Deacon. 

Call me bitter or spiteful but we both know I’ve only ever lashed out at people who chose to cut me first when they never had a reason to. Those people, this drug, and my loyalty have cost me everything. If there’s one thing I have earned - it’s honesty.

As usual, I’m sorry for sending you a novel, I know you have no desire to read. 🥀

To be seen for the love I have have been . . .
That’s all I wanted..

Though the Gypsy Dust flows through all of our veins - the cost it comes at is different for each of us. 

I’m really excited to spend another night with you. 

And I am looking forward to the day that I am worthy of something more than this embarrassment. 

you have no idea how much. I look forward to being able to do go places with my partner because he isn’t shaming me for the world to see 

I’m excited to spend another night with you. And I hope you know that you will never have to worry about being treated like this. You’re worth so much more to me than I think I will ever be. 

If an hour goes by and then I’ll hear from you and then two hours comes and you’re still not here. Find a home brew the liar because I had a great time with you at Stephanie‘s. 

I'm always the monster. Like you have sincerely forgotten the hundreds of messages I sent telling you that you would always be my best friend, that I forgave you and begged you to stop offering my fiancé an open invitation to throw our life away for an addiction before it cost us everything we had. 

Months. Until a year and half had gone by and I wasn't ignored anymore by a boy who had always been my best friend - I was laughed at and mocked every time he chose to come back.

I begged you every time Deacon made the choice to come back and make his promises of loving me - to stay away so we stood a chance to save everything we had left. 

I did say the most heartless things to you. I did. Why do you shame me for that as what I said outshines everything you spent 2 years coming back to take away from me. 

Josiah you were my best fucking friend. 

And I only ever stopped talking to you because i refused to allow you into the meth den that everyone inside that house had turned our home into. Every single time Deacon asked if you could come over - I told him you were more than welcome to - as soon as he could ask all his meth smoking friends to leave for good and we turned that crack shack back into a home..

We were soaking in a world that revolved around the addiction of the drug you had ran away from. . . I never believed you would choose to live like that again. But you did and you went with my partner behind my back while you did. 

How many knives did my heart have to take from 2 people I loved to be worthy of one of them saying "enough."

It never was.  Enough didn't come until the loving happy carefree fiancé I always was - had been shamed and broken into the shell of a human that I am now. 

I had a home, and someone I loved even when his attention wandered towards someone else. Every boy. Every year. I forgave him and did the only thing I knew how to .. I loved him and made myself believe him every time he promised never to do it again - as I cooked and cleaned and loved every place we ever called home and all the friends we used to surround ourselves with. I was good to him - and always came back to love me before this drug came into our world and changed everything. 

I don't have to replay the narrative - you know the story because you helped him write it... for 2 years until we had nothing left. Everything the last 10 years had been - gone. 

I never was a bad person. Just a hurt one who had been betrayed by 2 people he loved , time and time again. So I will say I am sorry for the things I've said Josiah. But you don't get to shame me for the hatred you gave me - for the 2 years I begged you to leave before your selfishness cost us everything.  

Even when Deacon wrote the only heart felt letter he's ever given me - and I sent it to you praying you wouldn't take the only thing you hadn't yet cost me.  But you did. . . I lost everything. I had nothing left and no home.  And you came back - until the day all the money was gone. Money he promised in the letter he wrote me was going to be used to find us somewhere new to call home. . 

You didn't bring him back until we had nothing left. And I've been left paralyzed in remembering everything we had once been so lucky to have - everything that it all was going to allow us a fighting chance to be - and wondering what I ever did to deserve my best friend choosing to hurt me repeatedly until I had nothing. Nowhere to go. You knew what he said in that letter. You heard him say how much he loved me and how sure he was in his choice I'm having a life with me. And you came back to spend every penny of the last chance we had to start the new life he wanted with me.

You didn't bring him back until he had nothing. 

Until he was so desperate for money that he would use stolen credit cards to buy $1,000 worth of tools to pawn off. 


I don’t know what to do anymore and I know you have no interest in any of the words I have to say to you - but you’re the only person who hurt me before that has ever taken the time to listen to me… 

 I guess that’s all I’m hoping for here.



I know what he has said about me, I know what he tells people and it hurts because that’s not me. That’s not who I am or who I have tried to be for him.  I’ll honestly never know why he hasn’t chosen to come home for this long.

For 2 years now, I have endured the consequences of what Josiah continued to do with my husband.  I can’t tell you how many nights I had been left crying and screaming alone. Broken hearted, mentally strained, physically hurting and bruised, wishing I never existed and begging either to be worth something more to them both or to choose to just leave me alone. But he’s the love of my life, Deacon always comes home, because that’s what I am to him; home.

What Josiah and Deacon’s affair did to me was hard enough on the first day I knew the truth - but what it did over the 12 months it continued is what left me as broken as I am.  It was all I could do to sit and wait and send messages to Josiah begging him to bring my husband home.  To leave because he was sick - we both were.  I can’t tell you the amount of times I begged him to leave us alone so we could get clean.  I’ll never forget the night I made every meth addict in our home leave with a group message I had sent telling them that we were never going to get clean with them around and we would never be safe in our sobriety if they ever came back into our life; and as they walked out Deacon ran passed me and jumped in Josiah’s car.  The moment he had told Josiah that I wanted to get clean - Josiah showed up with a plan to make money and have endless amounts of the very drug my husband and I were addicted to.  

Offer and alcoholic to get clean or have a drink - which one do you think they will choose?

Enabling his every want is exactly what that boy continued to do, it didn’t matter it if was the best thing for Deacon or the healthy thing or if it hurt him or someone he loved - as long as he knew it would make Deacon stay with him then that’s exactly what that boy chose to offer him. He went from nerd to tattoos and suddenly my husband was coming home every night with a different drug; mushrooms, ecstasy, liquor, cocaine, methamphetamines and of course the  the easiest way out we all wish we could choose - to run away when things get hard.  Deacon would disappear for days but eventually he would begin to miss me because he has loved me for 10 years.  So as he always does, he would text me and tell me he was coming home.  He always did that; in phone calls, in text messages and in letters he wrote me - he always made sure to tell me how much he loved me and then give me a reason to hold onto the hope that he gave me.

That’s the reason I always believe we will be okay, because he told me we would.  We always were.  He would come home and we would be happy and life would start moving around me again; but that boy didn’t care that Deacon had chosen to go home to his husband, or that he was loved and safe and happy with me. He never chose to leave Deacon alone, to see him loving me and choose to find someone of his own, he just continued texting him and making plans that always began with Deacon leaving me.  Always finding something that was more exciting than the responsibilities and work we were supposed to be focusing on at home. Like clock work he would pull up in the street and would laugh at me as I cried and screamed. Screamed at Deacon for telling me he loved me only to leave, screaming at Josiah for coming back to take him from me, and crying because I was hurting from everything they both were doing.  Deacon continued to lose weight and everyone around me was commenting how sickly he looked - I’ll never know the truth about why that was or how his appearance changed so drastically with that boy - but it happened over such a chaotic time that I hadn’t seen how bad it had become. Until I did. After nearly a year of abandoning me in our home and coming back telling me how much he loved me only to do it allover again - our responsibilities had been neglected for so long we were drowning in bills. Eventually our electricity was shut off and candles were the only thing that lit the rooms and one night after being gone for nearly a week with Josiah - Deacon walked into my room so quiet it frightened me and as the candles lit his face, I almost didn’t recognize him.  His eyes were sunken in and he was so pale, he had no eyebrows and had bleached his hair, he looked like someone who had cancer - like he was dying.  The first thing he said to me was “Do you have anything? I’m sick - I need it”

That was the first moment that I saw that what I had begun to be so angry at Josiah for doing wasn’t out of jealousy, it was the truth. My heart broke seeing my husband look nothing like the man who had always been so beautiful to me.  I had already begun to hate Josiah, but that was the moment my hate turned into a desperate cruelty that demanded he leave.  

He never did - and so the hate inside of me has remained.

But nowhere in his narrative does he explain that I had spent so many months begging him with kindness to stop trying to take my husband from me and telling him that he would always continue to be my best friend.  I don’t know why I have been painted the monster - ever since the day he betrayed me, Josiah has mocked my pain for the things he has done and smiled every time Deacon chose him over me again. Like it was a competition.  Like the last 10 years of my life with Deacon or the 4 years Josiah had been my best friend wasn’t worth anything.

Best friends, that’s exactly what we were - and when we first brought Josiah home from the drug den he came from - we spent every single day together, just me and him.  He knows who I am and the soul that I have.  I shared my home, my family, my food, my entire life with him just to offer him a place to call home.  After all those years I shared with him, I only stopped reaching out to Josiah when the drug he had escaped from was exactly what began filling our home.  What I didn’t know was that while I was telling Deacon that Josiah wasn’t allowed in our house until he kicked out the meth addicts that he had invited into it - Deacon wasn’t just going out for a drink with our friend, and he continued lying about it until the night I stood outside in the snow with my bags packed for Florida and he pulled up holding hands with the friend I had tried to keep away from the life that we were living. I remember looking in the car at Josiah and saying “Why are you with my husband, are you serious?” Josiah just looked up from his phone smiled and chuckled as he looked away from me. That was the beginning and until the night when Deacon showed up begging for drugs - moments of lashing out at Josiah were outnumbered by the hundreds of messages I sent begging him to leave us alone to find a way to fix everything our addiction was breaking around us.

That is who I am - that is who I was.  I was kind to those that had chosen to hurt me. My heart is everything that defines me - and after all those months eventually my heart begun breaking. How many times can someone choose to come back and take from me the love that came back to me before I don’t get to carry the blame of hating the person who had been willing to betray me and sleep with the man I had given 10 years of my life to loving?

For 2 years now, I have endured the consequences of what Josiah continued to do with my husband.  I can’t tell you how many nights I had been left crying and screaming alone. Broken hearted, mentally strained, physically hurting and bruised, wishing I never existed and begging either to be worth something more to them both or to choose to just leave me alone. But he’s the love of my life, Deacon always comes home, because that’s what I am to him; home.

When our addiction had drained us of every penny we had, when unemployment stopped rolling into our banks, and the King Pin games that Josiah had Deacon playing had failed to pan out - our life hit an all-time low.  Our home had been Deacon’s fathers and was his to do with as he wished and even though I had exhausted $17,000 into acquiring everything we needed to transform our home into a business that would provide us a chance to start over somewhere new - it didn’t matter.  His priorities weren’t on the future, on us, on anything but the daily party Josiah offered.. Eventually he sold our home.  The day I had to move out he told me he had left a letter for me in my room.  He told me he was sorry, the first apology I had ever received that didn’t justify or blame me for what he had done. In it he told me that he loved me and he begged me for a chance to start over, to believe in him and in how much our love was worth, he told me we were leaving to find a new home.  But the next day when I woke up, Josiah was outside, waiting and offering to take Deacon somewhere else. Over the next 2 months they managed to spend every penny that he had received for selling our home.  A home that had been appraised at nearly $200,000.  After paying off the mortgage owed he received $17,000.  Money that he promised to use to start a new life with me in the letter that he wrote.  He gave me $3,000 - and Josiah kept his attention until the second that the other $14,000 was gone and then he dropped Deacon off at my moms house and t wasn’t too long after that that Deacon stole Brett’s dad’s gun and the cops got called.  When they did I knew they would be coming for him so I did the only thing I could to save the only thing that ever mattered to me - packed our bags, grabbed our cats, and I ran away with Deacon. I didn’t have to leave but I did it to keep him safe and to give him a chance to keep the promise he made in the the letter he wrote to me. A new life - a new home.

So we left - and we got clean.

When we left last summer - I told Deacon I needed to know if he loved me or if he was going to leave me again.  But he had left me so many times before it was hard for me to believe him; so he proved it to me every day. He showed me how much he loved me every night we slept homeless on the streets of Miami, every morning we walked aimless, hungry and thirsty, he proved that no matter how hard times got he was never going to give up on me and we were happy again.  We were together again - and we were sober.  He stood by my side and as time passed on he watched my mind begin healing and the grief I was suffering because of everything I had gone through, the mental anguish I had suffered and the loss I was grieving of the comfort a home that we no longer had.  I can only imagine how hard it has been for him to watch the aftermath of what he and Josiah have done.

My mind is healing slowly, I lash out at times from my grief in anger, and for once I am needing more than I am able to give to anybody.  He has been that person for me and I have continued to love him for it.

When we came back home, sober and happy, he looked at me when I was fighting to stop tears I had no reason to be crying and said “Christian, you need to get it out of your head that I am leaving. I promise you Iloveyou more than anything and I will never leave you again, not even if you wanted me to.  You’re stuck with me for life niggy.”  -  and I believed him.  

Sober him was honest him.  He never wanted to break that promise to me.

I’ll never forgive myself for allowing us to relapse - for allowing meth back into our life; the second it was, everything about the way he looked at me, changed.  I’m not broken - I’m angry, I’m not grieving - I’m dramatic, I’m not healing - I’m unloving, and my trust issues are something my mind makes up.  I can’t get Deacon alone in a room with me long enough without someone offering to enable the addiction that has taken over us both again - to have the chance for my husband to see me for who I have always been to him - to remember what we have suffered through and the sacrifices we have made to be here for each other.

He’s my soulmate - I love him for everything he is.  Right now I am healing and I am facing 20 years in prison to protect him; and these last few weeks I have been hurt and betrayed allover again. The only thing that changed before he chose to reach out to the same people who were willing to play a part in this game with him - is the relapse that we have had.  Meth is what caused the change in his priorities the first time.  It cost him his home, his animals, his belongings, and drove him to do what I am risking the next 20 years of my life to protect him from.

But if you tell an alcoholic that their addiction is a problem - they tell you they’re not an alcoholic - they just like to drink..

I have never tried to hurt anyone - but I will be the first to admit that I have lashed out in anger at people who hurt me.  I am healing - and healing is a process.

I never chose to be like this.

The cycle that Josiah has enabled Deacon to begin again, the very one he spends his time spinning next to you - continued for so long when we were living in that home that it has caused a change in the way my brain processes moments that someone does something that hurts me.  It causes my mind to panic and forgiveness is not the first thing that my mind thinks to offer - the way I have always been known to be.  The reality is that I have been diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD). A trauma that has caused a physical change to my brain from the long-term emotional anguish and state of fight or flight’ my mind had been forced to endure. There’s been a physical change to the chemistry in my brain and I’ve recently learned that the term for what I suffered through, as cheesy as it sounds, is in fact a medical term that Psychiatrists use in diagnosing PTSD; “Betrayal Trauma” is the trauma that over a two year span has left me fragile and healing.  As much as I wish it was instant, healing is a process I have just began to go through.  It is going to be exactly that - a process I have to go through.  Eventually I will be back to the love filled light I have always been; I’ll be happy again - and just as I have for the last decade of my life, I want it to be with him.

Deacon has loved me for my entire adult life - I love him and he loves me.  Nobody has to tell me that and no one can deny me that because I know him better than he is able to remember himself right now.  I swear on our entire relationship that if I was given just a few days away from anyone who enabled his addiction, he would see me, he would remember me and we could leave the drugs behind for a chance to be happy again.  I only ever try to love him for the promises he made to me.  I can’t do this without him because he’s the biggest piece of my life.  I’m not annoying - I’m not pushy - I’m just trying to stop him from destroying the life that he has lived to love with me.  Without drugs.  Without people who do them.  A life that has proved over and over to be the life he chooses to share with me.

All I’m asking is for a moment, for someone to choose not to enable what he is doing.  To give me a few days of loving him and giving him another chance of the life we had just begun finding before meth came back to take it again.  If it’s not enough, it’s all the energy I have left, I’m just asking for a moment with the person that loves me.  A few days where he is not invited to walk away when times get tough, where his only option is to be with the person who has loved him the last 10 years, a chance to choose to be happy and healthy again.

He deserves that, the man you have never known that was loving me while you were in elementary school deserves that from me.  We deserve the chance to live the life we were supposed to have.  I deserve that from him - he loved me for a reason.

I want a chance to love him again.

Please 

But if he loved someone for 10 years and one day they start cheating on you, and when you confront them, they don't feel bad about it and give you the choice to let them do it or they were gonna leave you. Can you imagine letting them do it hoping they wouldn't choose to - but they do for over a year you remain loyal to them. And one day it's just too much and while you're crying, during argument, they put a gun to your head kill you if you don't stop crying. 

Love’s Secret

Thinking he would always love me - telling myself that no matter how many men he lusted for, he would never leave me; was the the secret I always believed he was keeping. He wouldn’t leave me, he wouldn’t want to be without me. 

But love’s secret was never what I had believed & not knowing it was never meant to keep my own heart safe in its cage. In all honesty, I wish someone could have told me what it took me all those years to find. . . I can only imagine where I would be - the life I would still have left inside of me. If only I had known love’s secret all those years ago; I would have had a chance at understanding that some hearts deserve to let go; to save their own. 

What is the secret to love? 

I don’t make you learn it by suffering through it - like it’s a punishment of some kind.  As dull as it sounds love’s secret is simple - no matter how much you love someone, gifts you offer them, or years you spend with them; it does not mean they are going to offer you love that is worth the same.

— They love you only as much as they choose to show you ; & they stop loving you the first time that they choose to hurt you - and apologies aren’t the immediate response they offer to you . . Just as they have chosen to hurt you - they have a choice to let in the remorse that should instantly follow any decision that we know will hurt someone that love.

Chasing them only offers a second chance to take advantage of you - because once some has changed - they will never be the same again. 
	
There is no more shifting the blame for the trauma my mind has suffered. There isn’t a lie you can offer that will make the world unsee what I have to show them.
My last efforts have been spent on laying out what you did to me and the life you took from me - all the answers the world will need to find. 

There is no place for peace left in me. The home my heart used to be sits abandoned - condemned. 

The secret to life?
I knew it once.

The secret to love?
I shared a home with it once.

The love  The darkness in lust? I craved it. In a world where I ruled in love and reveled in wanderlust, until I found myself wondering - lost.

I have kept the truth to myself

Because telling the truth means pointing the finger at him. But what does that mean when he’s pointing the finger at me for something I didn’t do? Nobody knows the truth except for me and Deacon.  I don’t know why he’s lying or why he’s punishing me, but the truth is I’ve done nothing but risk my own life to protect him.

Right now, in about two weeks, I have to go to court because I’m charged with a gun that was stolen because I left it for my mom with a note, telling her to return it, and not telling the truth, but where it came from. The truth is this, I didn’t like Brett. I didn’t really care to be friends with him because Deacon had talked so ill of him when he was friends with Josiah. But after the house was gone, and Josiah🦉 had been cut cheating on him over and over again, Deacon shut up at my mom’s house one day with Brett in my car. I told him I didn’t want him here he said to give him a chance, so I let him in and befriended him. He asked me to stay at Brett’s house with him at his moms one night.  The next morning Brett left to go to work and then we got in the car and we’re driving down the interstate we got into a fight. And I couldn’t stop crying and it was making him mad and at some point Deacon pulled a gun out, I’ve done that I have never seen. he told me that he took it from Bretz mom’s room. And proceeded to scream at me to stop crying and then he held it to my head and then he put it to his own and kept screaming at me. He was gonna kill one of us because he couldn’t take fighting with me anymore. I screamed and I cried, and I went and stayed at a hotel with him in the next couple days we hang out with Brett or Brad‘s. Mom called the police and started an investigation into her missing things. Brett mama called me and I told her I didn’t know anything and I told Brett the same thing. Eventually, I told Brett when he asked me that Deacon took his mom’s things. But I never told Bretz mom or anybody because what I did was take Brett and Deacon And run away so they wouldn’t get in trouble for anything. And because Deacon was lying to me about his relationship with Brett, Brett, seeing me and Deacon together again cost me and Brett to start fighting while we were down there after the accident because things were so stressful. And when we were running low on money and we hadn’t figured out anything Brett decided to go home. And left me and Deacon with nothing in the article. I put a rental car in my name after sleeping in an airport for days and we lived in it with her three cats, and tried to work every day to make money while we got sober. It was hard, but we tried every day. And then we got pulled over by a bunch of cops with their guns drawn because we had to pay for the rental and they found it stolen. I got charged with a felony, I take my blame and not returning the rental car but I didn’t have a choice. I had nowhere to go, what was I supposed to do? My mom paid $5000 to get me out and then she paid 500 to get Deacon out. But we had nowhere to go and my cats were taken to the impound so we went to Miami Beach. And we stayed there sleeping in a box on the beach and we walked to do deliveries until one day. My mom sent me a little extra money, and we had just enough to get a U-Haul. So we rented a U-Haul van to pick up my cats and we Instacart it every day and paid for the whole we were driving until eventually they came where they said they weren’t allowed to do any more extensions day by day. I either need to pay for a one-way trip or return the U-Haul. so we drove from Florida to North Carolina so the only friends that we have close to us. Eight hours away. We get there and we stay with them for a while but we’re trying not to rest are welcome so I asked think I watch our cats and we continue living in the U-Haul driving every day making money for groceries And gas and sleep in the U-Haul at Walmart parking lot every night. Until Monday my mom calls me and says there’s a warrant for my arrest because I got that I left and they wanted to know who took it. So we ran to the other side of North Carolina into the mountains at an Airbnb, with the last of the money I’ve gotten from insurance when Deacon totaled my car in Georgia after he fell asleep from sobering up while he was driving.  Me and Brett had fallen asleep. At one point I woke up and I looked over at Deacon and said you’re flying so just pull over. He said he was fine and I proceeded to go back to sleep. I wake up to glass and loud noises and realize Deacon crashed into the back of a semi going 70 miles an hour. I shouldn’t be alive right now because the whole front end of the car I was sitting in the passenger seat had been pushed it. That was the whole reason we had nothing because at that point we were told by the cops to walk up the interstate after having to shove my two cats in a book bag, and carry the other one with me Across downtown Atlanta rush-hour traffic I’ve been stopped and told by the cops there was abandon buildings out there and we needed to walk up there and figure out what to do. But I had helped Brett fill out a loan for some money and he had a friend from Florida pick us up in Georgia take us to his home in Orlando And the next day his loan came through. So he got a rental car and we drove around. We’re supposed to be looking for jobs, but we all ended up going to just have a drink on the beach that day. Next thing I know the guy that he had found to let us stay is telling Brett we have to leave in an allowed to be there anymore and we had to go back to pick up our belongings and my cat and we went to stay at an Airbnb for a day the next morning I woke up and Brett said he was leaving for my car just got totaled and he had the only money we had Been using for a living. So when Brett went to the airport to fly home, he turned in the rental car and left me and Deacon standing there with our bags on a cart are cats in kennels in nowhere to go. Until the day I got that rental car. That I’m facing felony for. We survived homeless together in downtown Miami until the U-Haul I rented that I still haven’t paid for.  For months, we lived in that U-Haul sleeping at Walmart every night. Until I came home to turn myself in and cover for him. Three times I’ve rest my life, my freedom to protect him. And if what you’re saying is that he is now trying to put his finger at me after everything I’ve done for him, it’s not fair. It’s not right. And because I lied for him to everybody, he did wrong to keep him safe, when he says I’m the monster, nobody thinks he did anything, and they think that I deserve to be punished for everything. I don’t know why he’s doing this to me because I have done nothing but love him and do everything I can to be his home. but that is the only thing that I have done. And the other night I caught him using a secret texting app on his phone and he tried to tell me that he only uses it to sell trucks to help pay for my fines. And I asked said if that’s the truth, then he can show it to me so that I can trust him. Because I was trying so hard to after everything that he had already done to me. And then he started a fight and started screaming and walking away because he didn’t want to show me his phone and now I know why. And I started crying and screaming and begging him because he had all the money to pay my fines on him. I begged him not to walk away and leave me fucked, because I had done everything in my power to deserve being done right by him. He screamed so much hit me until he finally hit me again. He slapped me and he crapped my shirt and told me that he said what was gonna happen. Next time. I did something stupid to him he disappears, and I can’t find him until I find the truth. And all over it he’s back to the same boy and convinced him that I deserve everything he’s doing. And no matter what I do he looks exactly like the person in the stories that he’s told him and he hates me and blames me, and all I did was say I will trust you if you can show me the app you use to text on. I deserved loyalty - we all do. But he had been talking to you. I know that now that’s why he couldn’t show me what he was doing. He comes home every single night. Every night we are together, until these last couple days when he said he was going to sell these drugs to pay for my fines this month.  He told me he was at his friends, Tango‘s house at a Traphouse selling drugs. And when I asked him if I could come with him because I didn’t wanna sit at the house anymore and he had already fallen asleep the night before, and came home with me not a dollar to help me pay for my fines, he blew up on me and said that I couldn’t come because it wasn’t safe for me. That’s when I said I can’t trust you because I know you’ve been using a secret texting app, so what you’re saying is I can then show it to me. That’s when he said he used it for selling drugs and he couldn’t believe I thought he was talking to anybody. Because he see every single night kiss me and he tells me he loves me and he sleeps with me. Until tonight, when I learned what he had been saying about me, that Deacon loved me, and was only back in the drug scene to sell drugs to make money for me was the only truth I knew. That he loved me enough to do that for me. Until I find out tonight that he was talking to you and that that’s where he’s been. I have no idea why he’s saying or what he’s saying to you that makes you think I deserve this all over again when I have already lost everything, I just can’t understand. But I have given my entire life up for him, and I have lost everything to protect him because I love him. And I believed him every single night and last night too when he said, he loved me more than anything. When he promised he would never hurt me again.

That is the truth. That is the entire truth. That is everything that I have hidden from the world for him. I don’t deserve this. I deserve for him to be here with me, to help me, to love me the way that I have done for him. I don’t deserve for him to run away with $1000 of drugs that we only got to use to pay for the charges I’m facing. I don’t deserve to be left with nothing, and alone to find out that he’s told the same boy that I’m a monster again. I’m not. I have never been anything but loving to him. And the truth I deserve is it’s not the lies that he’s telling. I have been beaten and broken and have everything taken for me and have sacrificed the only things that I had left, including my dignity to keep him safe. To get him clean. To get us clean. So we could start a new life. And until we came back to this town and until we relapsed on meth he tried every day to make sure that we would be OK and did everything he could to let me know that he loved me and he was never leaving me again. Life fucked us up, but I have never stopped caring about him. And the truth is I will never now why he has ever chosen to hurt me. He’s the love of my life, that is all he’s ever been to me.  and I don’t care if I have to see you face-to-face to tell you this all over again, you have never met me, but 10 years of my life with him should be enough or to hear me tell you the truth in front of him... you will know that I am not lying and that I have not done anything to deserve what he is doing to me after everything that has been done to me.  my life was beautiful with him, and I was the most beautiful thing to him and this drug has cost us everything and now it’s taking him again. Help me please... I can’t do this again. I am begging you to be there when I talk to him. So that you can know who I am.😔

Help me please... I can’t do this again. I am begging you to be there when I talk to him. So that you can know who I am.😔

I don’t understand what’s going on - I don’t understand what I’ve done to be abandoned again. But i lost my home and everything that I ever had because of what Josiah did to him. 

Nobody knows the truth except for me and Deacon. I don’t know why he’s lying or why he’s punishing me. But you have got to believe me even if it means being there when I ask him why he’s done this to me. Right now, in about two weeks, I have to go to court because I’m charged with a gun that was stolen because I left it for my mom with a note, telling her to return it, and not telling the truth about where it came from. The truth is this, I didn’t like Brett. I didn’t really care to be friends with him because Deacon had talked so ill of him when he was friends with Josiah. But after the house was gone, and Josiah had been caught cheating on him over and over again, Deacon showed up at my mom’s house one day with Brett in my car. I told him I didn’t want him here but he said to give him a chance, so I let him in and befriended him. He asked me to stay at Brett’s house with him at his moms one night.  The next morning Brett left to go to work and then we got in the car and we’re driving down the interstate and we got into a fight. And I couldn’t stop crying and it was making him mad and at at that point during the arguement  Deacon pulled a gun out, a gun that I had never seen. he told me that he took it from Bretz mom’s room. And proceeded to scream at me to stop crying and then he held it to my head and then he put it to his own and kept screaming at me that He was gonna kill one of us because he couldn’t take fighting with me anymore. I screamed and I cried, and I went and stayed at a hotel with him for the next couple days. And we hang out with Brett and find out Brett’s Mom called the police and started an investigation into her missing things. Bretts mom called me and I told her I didn’t know anything and I told Brett the same thing. Eventually, on our way to florida - I told Brett the truth when he asked me if Deacon took his mom’s things. But I never told Bretz mom or anybody else because what I did was choose to protect him. To take Brett and Deacon And run away so they wouldn’t get in trouble for anything. And because Deacon was lying to me about his relationship with Brett, and lying to Brett, who was now seeing me and Deacon together again -  caused me and Brett to start fighting while we were down there after the accident because things were so fucked up and far from the life we had run away to be living. And when we were running low on money and we hadn’t figured out anything Brett decided to go home. And left me and Deacon with nothing in the middle of an airport to fly home. I put a rental car in my name after sleeping in an airport for days and we lived in it with our three cats, and tried to work every day to make money while we got sober. It was hard, but we tried every day. And then we got pulled over by a bunch of cops with their guns drawn because we hadnt paid fully for the rental and they filed it as stolen. I got charged with a felony, I take my blame in not returning the rental car but I know I didn’t have a choice. I had nowhere to go, what was I supposed to do? 

We had been abandoned in an airport in a city we knew no one and we had nowhere to go. And we couldn’t go home. My mom paid $5000 to get me out and then she paid 500 to get Deacon out. But we had nowhere to go and my cats were taken to the pound so we got on a bus with the last of our money and went to Miami Beach. And we stayed there sleeping in a box on the beach and we walked to do deliveries until one day My mom sent me a little extra money, and we had just enough to get a U-Haul. So we rented a U-Haul van to pick up my cats and we Instacarted delivering groceries every day and paid for the U-haul we were driving until eventually an email came where they said they weren’t allowed to do any more extensions day by day. I either need to pay for a one-way trip or return the U-Haul. so we drove from Florida to North Carolina to the only friends that we had close to us. Eight hours away. We get there and we stay with them for a while but we’re trying not to overstay our welcome so I asked them to watch our cats and we continue living in the U-Haul driving every day making money for groceries And gas and sleep in the U-Haul at Walmart parking lot every night. Until the day my mom calls me and says there’s a warrant for my arrest because of the gun that I left and they wanted to know who took it and gave it to me. So we ran to the other side of North Carolina into the mountains at an Airbnb, with the last of the money I’ve gotten from insurance when Deacon totaled my car in Georgia after he fell asleep from sobering up while he was driving.  See on our way down to florida Me and Brett had fallen asleep. At one point I woke up and I looked over at Deacon and said “you’re falling out so just pull over.” He said he was fine and I managed to go back to sleep. I wake up to glass shattering and loud noises and realize Deacon crashed into the back of a semi going 70 miles an hour. I shouldn’t be alive right now because the whole front end of the car I was sitting in on the passenger side had been pushed it. That was the whole reason we had nothing because at that point we were told by the cops to walk up the interstate after having to shove my two cats in a book bag, and carry the other one with me Across downtown Atlanta rush-hour traffic thats been stopped and told by the cops there was abandon buildings out there and we needed to walk up there and figure out what to do. On the drive down before that I had helped Brett fill out a loan for some money and after the accident a he had a friend from Florida pick us up in Georgia take us to his home in Orlando And the next day bretts loan came through. So he got a rental car and we drove around. We’re supposed to be looking for jobs, but we all ended up going to just have a drink on the beach that day. Next thing I know the guy that he had found to let us stay is telling Brett we have to leave and aren’t allowed to be there anymore and we had to go back to pick up our belongings and my cats and we went to stay at an Airbnb for a day the next morning I woke up and Brett said he was leaving. But my car just got totaled and he had the only money we had Been using for a living. So when Brett went to the airport to fly home, he turned in the rental car and left me and Deacon standing there with our bags on a cart and our cats in kennels and nowhere to go. Until the day I got that rental car. That I’m facing felony for. We survived homeless together in downtown Miami until the U-Haul I rented - that I still haven’t paid for.  For months, we lived in that U-Haul sleeping at Walmart every night. Until I came home to turn myself in and cover for him. Three times I’ve risked my life, my freedom to protect him. And if what you’re saying is that he is now trying to put his finger at me after everything I’ve done for him, it’s not fair. It’s not right. And because I lied for him to everybody he did wrong to keep him safe, when he says I’m the monster, nobody thinks he did anything. and they think that I deserve to be punished for everything.
I don’t know why he’s doing this to me because I have done nothing but love him and do everything I can to be his home. but that is the only thing that I have done. And the other night I caught him using a secret texting app on his phone and he tried to tell me that he only uses it to sell drugs to help pay for my fines. And I said if that’s the truth, that he can show it to me so that I know I can trust him. Because I was trying so hard to after everything that he had already done to me. But then he started a fight and started screaming and walking away because he didn’t want to show me his phone and now I know why. And I started crying and screaming and begging him because he had all the money to pay my fines on him. I begged him not to walk away and leave me getting a warrant for not paying the fjnes for the car we lived in. I bedded him because I had done everything in my power to deserve being done right by him. He screamed so much until he finally hit me again. He slapped me and he grabbed my shirt and said that I knew what was gonna happen the Next time I did something stupid to him. Then he disappears, and I can’t find the him until I find the truth. And all over again he’s back to the same boy and convinced him that I deserve everything he’s doing. 

And no matter what I do he looks at me exactly like the person in the stories that he’s told and he hates me and blames me, and all I did was say “I will trust you if you can show me the app you use to text on.” I deserved loyalty - we all do. But he had been talking to you. I know that now that’s why he couldn’t show me his phone. He comes home every single night. Every night we are together, until these last couple days when he said he was going to sell these drugs to pay for my fines this month.  He told me he was at his friends, Tango‘s house, at a Traphouse selling drugs. And when I asked him if I could come with him because I didn’t wanna sit at the house anymore and he had already fallen asleep the night before, and came home with not a dollar to help me pay for my fines, he blew up on me and said that I couldn’t come because it wasn’t safe for me. That’s when I said I can’t trust you because I know you’ve been using a secret texting app, so what you’re saying is I can then show it to me. That’s when he said he used it for selling drugs and he couldn’t believe I thought he was talking to anybody. Because truth is that every single night kisses me and he tells me he loves me and he sleeps with me. He loves me for everything I have done for him. Until tonight, when I learned what he had been saying about me, and it wasn’t that Deacon loved me, and was only back in the drug scene to sell drugs to make money for me. That he loved me enough to do that for me. Instead it’s that he was talking to you and that that’s where he’s been. I have no idea why he’s saying or what he’s saying to you that makes you think I deserve this all over again when I have already lost everything, I just can’t understand. But I have given my entire life up for him, and I have lost everything to protect him because I love him. And I believed him every single night and last night too when he said, he loved me more than anything. When he promised he would never hurt me again.

That is the truth. That is the entire truth. That is everything that I have hidden from the world for him. I don’t deserve this. I deserve for him to be here with me, to help me, to love me the way that I have done  my entire life for him. I don’t deserve for him to run away with $1000 of drugs that we only got to use to pay for the charges I’m facing for the car we lived in. I don’t deserve to be left with nothing, and alone to find out that he’s told the same boy that I’m a monster again when I am facing 20 years in prison to protect him. I’m a loving friend and a loyal husband - I am not a monster Nathan I’m not. I have never been anything but loving to him. And the truth I deserve is not the lies that he’s telling. I have been beaten and broken and have had everything taken from me and have sacrificed the only things that I had left, including my dignity to keep him safe. To get him clean. To get us clean. So we could start a new life. And until we came back to this town and until we relapsed on meth he tried every day to make sure that we were together again and did everything he could to let me know that he loved me and he was never leaving me again. Life fucked us up, but I have never stopped caring about him. And the truth is I will never know why he has ever chosen to hurt me. He’s the love of my life, that is all he’s ever been to me.  and I don’t care if I have to see you face-to-face to tell you this all over again, you have never met me, but 10 years of my life with him should be enough or to hear me tell you the truth in front of him... you will know that I am not lying and that I have not done anything to deserve what he is doing to me after everything that has been done to me.  my life was beautiful with him, and I was the most beautiful thing to him and this drug has cost us everything and now it’s turning him against me all over again. Help me please... I can’t do this again. I am begging you to be there when I talk to him. So that you can know who I am.😔

I don’t understand what’s going on - I don’t understand what I’ve done to be abandoned again. But i lost my home and The second my partner and I relapsed after almost a year of sobriety - Josiah comes back and I’m left alone to defend myself all over again and find out he’s got you believing something I never did to him. I’m begging you - br there when I talk to him. I don’t deserve to be hurt like this again.

He was supposed to love me - he was supposed to protect me - because that’s what he promised me. . .  

How can someone look at a person that they love, vow to forever be the one who is always there for them and then turn around and break them into pieces until there’s nothing left?

For years the darkness of night shrouded me with a solidarity my mind is desperate to conceive. 

I don't deserve this. I can't believe that someone would maliciously defile my life this way.

Most of you don't know who this person is, sadly I must say it's
best you keep it that way.

However, to those that do know him... Please - make sure he gets this message :

Josiah Powell,

I met you a few years ago, before the world turned cold. My partner and I had befriended you but never really knew your true story. What we did know was simply that you were a boy like me, feminine in personality who attempted makeup as a daily routine - and that you were from a very small town with very limited resources, or much chance at all to grow into the person I thought you to be. Your home life was a sad story of its own, but the shadow of myself that I saw in you told me you were destined for something bigger than "Population Zero", Omaha would be a step in a bigger brighter direction for you. So one day we loaded up the car and after driving 5 hours to the middle of nowhere, we picked you up. We had made the decision to allow you into our life, holding high hopes of giving you the space you needed to stretch the wings you so clearly wanted.

To my surprise you were very anxious, erratic almost. But you were young, we were strangers, this whole situation was abnormal to say the least. I suppose my nerves would have gotten to me too leaving it all behind to start anew in the city with what had basically been modern day Pen Pals. I made the mental reference to myself clear that this was doing good for someone who deserved it, that it was okay for us because we were okay enough to offer a home to someone who had none.

Great times followed, some sad times, some moments of holding each other through tears from sharing sad memories of the lives we lived with one another. Since my partner worked full time and I had just graduated Cosmetology School, we spent the most time together.

You very quickly became my Best Friend.

So thankful, so genuine in your gratitude, one moment I'll never forget, a moment my family still brings up at family get together - the memory of simply raking leaves together, my grandparents, my brother, my mom, my loving partner, and I .. and you. A Simple task that suddenly brought you to tears, and left you posing a question to us that I'll remember for life..

"Is this what it's like to have a family?"

We were all like family at that time. I felt very grateful to have been given the opportunity to share my family with you. The same as I shared my home, my food, everything I possessed I shared with you. In return you truly were the friend I needed. My fiancé and I were more than happy to provide the space to help you convert your small town life towards your big city dreams.

Eventually my partner got you a starter job downtown at a pizza shop, the one you are now managing on your own. I've been told you are finally out of your boss's attic and in a place of your own as well. Proud for taking those wings and running full speed learning to use them, is something I have always felt for you. For as much as you told me time and time again how I was a blessing in your life, you blessed mine just the same.

Fast forward 2 years, it's now COVID's world.

My anxiety has been egged on constantly for months now with constant bombarding advertisements for Self Quarantine, Air-born = 6 ft Social Distancing, Stay Home Save Lives, etc. {Note: There is a large narrative that we will not go into detail of..] but amongst choices I had made, choices I had allowed to be made which effected me directly, some new found "friends" whom my fiancé had befriended, my struggle with codependency and always supporting any decision that were made as long as it keeps the love of my life happy ... Somewhere... Somewhere in all the chaos and constant novelty list of choices to make that encircled our life this year - I lost myself .. & I didn't even see it happening.

I was ashamed of the small person I had allowed myself to become. Ashamed of how easy I had become to walk all over. I was ashamed of certain components of my life. Ashamed of the battles I was fighting every day to win, that I never truly learned to win. So eventually, I secluded myself. Locked myself away into the one space I knew I had control over, my home. More specifically the giant bedroom I share with the man whom I have spent years building this life with.

It was here that I let myself get lost in the business I have invested so much into creating, I allowed myself to fault all responsibilities I once claimed and began focusing on managing my partner and the decisions he made, the seemingly constant aftermath being left behind from people we never should have trusted, and in finishing the remodel of this damned business we currently also call home.

Upon submerging myself into the chaos I intended to gain control over, eventually I lost myself. I withdrew, I 'self-quarantine like it was going out of style, and I pushed everyone that mattered to me away. Family. Friends. Even you, Josiah. Everyone. Eventually I unknowingly began causing distance between myself and the man that has held my heart for nearly 8 years now. I had left my body to become a shell of my former self, the me that each and every one of you know wholeheartedly as a strong, loving, kind, hopeful, and generous individual - delved to sadness, disarray, confusion.

Hopelessness became my only friend.

Sadly, I never saw it, the change I was going through. It happened so slowly to me that I looked at myself as just another member of the "Stay Home. Save Lives." Gang. The reality was, I had allowed my fire to fizzle - the powerful creature I was had slowly morphed into a lonely hermit. My trust had grown thin for all humans. I had seen, felt, and been forced to endure more heartless acts of pain in this year, than all my years before combined. A punishment for the soul that I bear that's already been battered from waging wars of its own.

After a year that had already left my spirit exhausted, a painful blow came to me, one that I never thought would ever be my burden to bare. Caused by my suddenly distant soul and a moment of weakness from my protector, I was left once again to question the invaluable price I had once placed on my own heart. As we always do, we persevered, shot straight through the problem and eventually my heart was able to forgive and begin to heal.

NOW, I am but 6 months into the recovery process for mending my own heart and only 3 weeks into regaining control over my mind, body and spirit. I am having to Undo what I have spent almost 2 years now, doing to myself. I am having to relearn social norms, body languages, simple daily conversation starters - because I have spent more time alone or solely with my fiancé, than near anything that resembles friends, coworkers, even family. It's not been easy for a boy with social anxiety to revert back to being social., but I am doing it for me and I am doing it because the man I love deserves to be with the person he asked to marry, so finding all the pieces of that person is exactly what I have been doing. Puzzles, however, take time to complete.

Somewhere in between being my best friend and secluding within my own being, I must have erased the memory of the moment I earned hatred, pain, heartache, deceit, chaos, and loneliness.

I keep trying to search my memory for what terrible unforgivable thing I have done to you to deserve anything but the love and generosity I have given you for all this time, Josiah.

Forgive me for being blunt, but if it's eye for an eye we're playing here - I believe you're supposed to wait for me to send nude photographs to your fiancé before you send any to mine.. See I just don't think this game you have chosen to play with me is very fair, after all you don't have fiancé, or even a boyfriend, that I can send text messages begging him to come sleep with me in my bed, while he's sleeping next to you. In fact if that is the game you have chosen to challenge me to, you first need to gain a long term relationship, engagement status of 4 years, loyalty of 7 years, purchase a home for said person, and begin a family of your own (minimum of 8 fur babies required).

You see, Josiah, unfortunately you have chosen to challenge me to a game or which you do not have the credentials nor meet the qualifications to play with me.

How dare you. How dare you attempt to litter the relationship I have given the last 8 years of my life devoted to, with disgusting photos of your used body. How dare you crawl behind the back that once stood to carry you through hell, with rotten whispers begging the man I have held for 8 years to leave me lonely for you and the soiled bed you lie in. How dare you even contemplate tempting the man who has praised my body, mind & soul for the 8 years we have spent building a life together..

For the last 8 years while I continued every single day to prove my loyalty and love devoted to my life partner, the rotten tongue you now offer to please my husband with and the gaping hole of body it's attached to was being ridden with infection from the countless men you allowed to deposit themselves into you. While I was cooking, cleaning, loving, and supporting my husband, you were cooked, cleaned, loved, and bent over for everyone else - and now you dare to attempt destroying the love that I have fought this my entire love to find wit the bitter poison from your bowls?

-You are a sick twisted little toy-

& you need to remember this for as long as you live

-that is the ONLY thing you will ever be-

I pity the what you have chosen to devote your time too, I pity the creature you have become, I pity whatever poor man falls victim to your grease trap next. I pity you - I fucking pity your soul-less rot-filled body.

So Josiah, as you have surely learned over the years I spent being a true friend of yours, offering you my home, my life, my family, my love, as well as being the only fool to find you worthy of a helping hand leaving me as the only reason you aren't still living in the crack den we picked you up from or the jail cell the family you lived with was left to rot in after being raided merely weeks after choosing to offer you a new home, our home, my home...

Like I was saying..

Josiah, as you have surely learned over the years, the sweetness of my honey is pure, genuine, and endless in supply. However, what you seem to have forgotten - the Scorpio soul I was born with, has always held 100% pure in its traits of love and trust - equally balanced by the deadly poison it hold inside, only to be used when ill intentions cross its path.

You should never have accepted the sweet magic from my loving hands if you couldn't stomach the boiling poison I made promise would one day fill your gut if you ever re-payed my
kind hearted ways with deceit & betrayal.

In life, we choose every day to either stand strong for ourselves, our loved ones, our deepest beliefs & in defending the lives we each fight to better each and every day. Some of you are going to read this with a jaw dropping expression of disbelief that the person you all know as me, would dare say such grunge over social media, would ever plaster someone's wrong doings for the world to see.. You're right. I have come back to this and retyped it, deleted, not posting for going on8 hours now. The tender heart I have always been tells me to forgive and forget, the soul that has endured the complete paint inflicted by most every person I have let into my life this year, tells me to grow some thorns or leave the damned Rose bush.

I meet in the middle, devil on left and angel to my right. If I offer myself completely to you, friend lover or otherwise - then you agree to my one and only demand of 100% transparent honesty - Trust. I give you loyalty, respect, faith, any and everything is yours - I only ask or trust. Without trust, after all what do we have without trust? Relationships don't survive without it, friendships rely on it, hell even strangers give it to each other. So if I can't trust you, we aren't friends, acquaintances, lovers, we aren't even strangers. Nothing. And if you have proven yourself to be worthy of nothing to someone who has seen worth in even the most foul of creatures, Than fuck the respect of keeping your shame from the worlds eyes.

My life is healing. In order to see the progression, you had to have seen the problem. I am done hiding the problems, to soften the reflection the people around me give to the world. If you're a deceiving, lying, cheating, pig of human who used to be my best friend and ends up causing me to rage a war for my relationship just because you're hole started tingling at the site of my man .. Well than you will be treated as such & the world will see you or what you are.

My life, my heart, my mind. Everything hurts right now. I'm healing, I'm learning to trust again, I'm teaching myself how to separate myself from people who have caused me pain, I'm getting there. Day by day, one step at a time. Some of those days, are going to be uglier than I hoped for, and it is or this reason have written this Novel of a post. For as crazy or out of it, or manic as something I may do might appear - if it's been allowed into the worlds view, then trust that I have said and done exactly what I intended to. I am not crazy, or over dramatic, or manic panicking.

But I am hurting, I am withered. I am bruised and people that I have given everything I had to help them, have torn me into pieces I am finally putting back together for the last fucking time. Some people call it an "Eye or an Eye". Others will say its unnecessary revenge. The truth? Somebody hurt me, someone I made ife changing sacrifices for and have called friend or years. I offereed forgiveness. They come back and hurt me even more with attempts to mock me for quick laugh and simultaneously sending desperate ploys to seduce the man I have given my entire life to. I ask them why they were choosing to hurt me. They then block all contact with me, but continue every single day to taunt me through naked photos and attempts for drunken outings with the partner that has been mine since long before i even knew this friend of mine existed in the world.. like I was never even there in the first place.

I pulled into my shell this year. I have had a really hard year. People have lied to me, stolen more thanI could afford to lose, friends have disrespected me and trashed the home I have made, I have been left to feel unworthy of love, of honesty, and deserving of pain from one I have only ever gave love to. I lost my grandpa to Coviid. I nearly lost my dad. Both of whom i took time spent together for granted. I made stupid life choices this year, and I am and have been accepting the responsibility of the cost of each one. In the end, it comes down to this.

I was selfish, I disappeared to my room because I blamed the world for the chaos of my life. I let myself hold grudges, be mad, said some really mean things I never meant in the moments of emotional chaos unfaithfulness brings to the table.

I don't deserve this. I hid in my room. I said mean things to someone I love. That doesn't make me worthy of being lied to, mocked, ridiculed. left lonely for days on end as if I never existed at all. For years I have been a good friend, I was always forgiving to every wrong my partner made, and I have never attempted to steal love from somebody else and laugh in their face about it on the way out the door.

But Josiah, you do deserve this.

Let it be known that nothing I have included in this post was slander in any form. Every single word I have written is of full honesty and all evidence of any accusations of others, has been documented and placed for safe keeping
-
the reason for this, for this entire post, for sharing so much?

Mocked, ridiculed, shamed, and forced to accept realities of deception, heart ache, recklessness, malicious intent, and choices of addiction over love. Realities II never in a thousand years would have believed were possibilities in what I used to 'This Beautiful Life of Mine'. For once I will not hide the hurt someone has caused me. For once the light gets to shine on someone who chose to cast me as the victim in their narrative, leaving themselves to play the role of: (well, you've heard the story - you decide)

For once what I have always filtered down to be "This beautiful life of mine", gets to be seen for what it is.. Call it, " Beautiful Chaos of Mine". Raw. True. Unfiltered. Fucked Up.

Welcome to my world.


Hi Josiah. I looked really cute today. 

Colored my hair, did my makeup. Just so I would looks good for the boy I love - even though he left last night and said he’d be right back and didn’t even text me back til noon. When he did I asked him if he had been with you. He told me “no actually I came to get shit from Bret and then yelled at him this morning for letting me fall asleep when he knew I had to be back there with you.”

Then he came home and I didn’t fight with him. He bought me lunch and things were good. When he went to work on his bike - my best friend Gina came to sit with me in my room. She was talking about the conversation she had with D this morning - how cute she thought it was that he was mad for falling asleep. But he told her differently and instead of Brett he said “I yelled at Josiah cuz I was so mad he let me fall asleep when he knew I needed to come home.” 

I still didn’t say anything. 

Anxiety got the worst of me when he said he was running to the gas station and didn’t show back up here til 4 hours later. 

When he did I still didn’t say anything. 

But he asked me what was wrong and when I didn’t say anything he asked me what my “deal was”. 

I said, ‘what took you so long?’

He had said he was stuck at autozone working on his bike the entire time he was gone - and because of the difference detail in the story she received from him about who he was with the night before - I had no reason to believe he was stuck at Autozone the entire time. 

I shouldn’t have been sarcastic but i just said “yeah like you said you were leaving to get an oz last night and would be right back and didn’t come back til noon. Just like when I asked you if you were with him and you told me no because you were only with Brett but the truth is Josiah was there too.”

He got angry. As usual when I end up finding out the pieces of the story he purposely left out. 

“Josiah didn’t come until i was already asleep and when I woke up his car was there but he was gone with his mom.”

I said “but Deacon I texted you today and asked you I had been with Josiah and last night when you left I asked where you were going and all you said was you were going alone and never even told me where - or I would have already been prepared to hear you chose to spend time with him again”

I hoped to hear and apology for not telling me you were there. 

I said “Same bed or not if you’re trying to love me then you should see being in the same room as the boy you left me for as wrong because you know it hurts me”

Then he got angry. Broke my bedroom door again. Screamed so close to my face that his spit was all over mine. He wouldn’t tell me that he lied about you being there, wouldn’t tell me anything to make me believe he truly had no intention of seeing you. 

Instead - he threatened to leave me again. Called me a psycho for the trust issues you gave me. And tried to walk away because he wasn’t “doing this anymore” ... when he was the only one who keeps doing this circle that he complains about spinning in. 

So after he had screamed at threatened me with loneliness and destroyed even more of the walls I had just painted in the business I am trying to turn this place into - he turned his back to walk away from me for asking for honesty about why he didn’t bother to come home last night - i got mad. I was so tired of believing every iloveyou he gives me and being let down by every “I’ll be right back babe” that wasn’t true. So I reached out and slapped his back right above his shoulder blade. He didn’t even flinch. But he stopped in his tracks and do you know what he did next ?

He turned around and said “alright mother fucker” and threw me in the bed and pinned my hands up with one arm and slapped me as hard as he could with his other hand

He continued to hold me down, squeezing his arms around my chest and neck until I could barely breathe and had no fight left in me. And then he pushed me off and called me a fucking psycho and went outside. 

In case you don’t care enough to read what I have to say - I’ll summarize it for you. 

He loved me last night. He left just to get dope and promised to be right back.

He didn’t. I asked if he was with you. He lied and I asked why because I was mad and sad and tired of being hurt because he chooses not to tell the truth. 

And because he didn’t come home and wasn’t honest about being in the same house as you - He hit me. 

The love of my life.

I just feel like you deserve to hear  exactly how my life is playing out because of what you chose to do. 

And I wanted you to know that I was beautiful today, new hair, fresh face - and now my mascaras down to my jaw and my Face Is hurting and every throb is reminding me of the millions of arguments we’ve had over the 10 years we have been together that were so much worse than this but every fight every wrong - never once in 10 years did he even attempt to lay his hand on me. He held me down tonight while he did.

That’s what is left of the man I have sacrificed my whole life to live for. 

That is what’s left of my husband - after you were done with him. 

So thank you Josiah. 

Like I said - he’s my husband and in the end we’ll be okay and you will be somewhere eating karmas shit for what you turned my world and my heart into. But I will never forgive you for what the man who always protected me was turned into in the mere 6 months he pretended to love you. 

I slapped him in the back to stop him from walking away and punishing me again for something he did wrong. Still I laid my hand out of anger and he didn’t deserve that. 

The man who wouldn’t even let me out at certain gas stations when we were traveling the country together - held me down and hit me without even a second to hesitate. 

Thank you for being a good friend to me. Thank you for always having my back. Thank you for always being honest to me and for respecting the love I have always had for my husband.  I am glad I was able to be such a good friend to you.  

Thank you for being such a blessing in my life. I can’t imagine what my life would be like if you would never have existed in it. 



I wish I could tell how many bruises I’ve collected - but recently I’ve lost count. 

You’re forever person - is not my husband. You’ll find yours someday. And when you do I hope nobody dare be selfish enough to take his love from you to keep as their own.

Without love - all that’s left is hate.

Hate hurts more than I hope you will ever have to feel. 

I should know. I accept hate from someone I love more and more every day - just to be here for the moments I get to feel just a piece of the love that he used to shield me with.

Nobody deserves to be hurt for wanting what they’ve always had.  I never deserved to lose it in the first place - but when my hearts lover reached out in desperation, nobody stood up to defend me for the loving partner I have always been. In the end it was my own best friend who gladly helped him walk away and leave me drowning in 10 years worth of responsibilities we had accrued. 

Very few can say they know what I’ve been through. 

Even less can say they were strong enough to walk out of the fires still holding onto the loving heart they fought to offer to someone who chose once to betray them.

I am the strongest person that I know. No one can ever take that from me. I have gone through hell to prove what my heart is worth to someone who chose not to believe it. While it’s value is unparalleled &  it can never be replaced - acquiring a heart like this came at a price nobody should have to pay. Nobody deserves to be forced to suffer the hell I have called home. Not even most foul of creatures,  the darkest of demons nor Satan himself not even monsters that we see - monsters like you, Josiah. Well ... maybe you. Then again wishing you the scars I bare, well, that would make me a monster too.. the same kind as you. That is something I could never do - hurt someone the way you do .. The way you didn’t to me. 

To fail your partner in this life is one of the heaviest burdens a person can carry - but to be deemed the reason your partner failed you,  shoulders a load we will never let go.

There is no justifications when the game you’re forced to play has only one rule - an eye for an eye.

You chose to leave me blinded - even when I chose to carve out my own to save you.

I Didn’t Know Why You Were Crying


(Verse 1)

Tonight you watched me break.
The first time you saw me fall.
That smile you saw me fake.
I couldn’t brave it anymore.

I spent night time’s hours weeping.
Daylight found me on the floor.
My mind had shattered into pieces
It couldn’t bare the pain no more. 

(Chorus)
Yet still alone you left me.
As if you didn’t hear me cry. 
When I had picked up all the pieces
You make attempt to apologize. 
And when I ask you why you left me
How you could walk right by my broken heart,
You turn to leave me lonely in the dark,
Stopping only to lay down your rusted reason,
and leave me alone with it to tear my mind apart.

“I didn’t know why you were crying.”

-

(Verse 2)

Night time is when my demons come
But you’ve  known this all along.
Watched me begging on my knees. 
Asking god what I’ve done wrong.

Always held you above all those before.
Never questioned your intensions.
Cuz you’re the only one who’s never torn. 
A single piece of my existence. 

(Chorus)
Until the day you turned your head from me. 
As if you didn’t care. 
Leaving me here on the ground. 
With a whisper of that apology.
“I didn’t know why you were crying.”

-
(Bridge) 

We’ve all been cracked.
We’ve all been shattered.
But still we hold onto our form.

I tried to last.
I tried to get there.
Bury my burdens, weather this storm.

But soon I fell. 
Into the shadows.
My mind dove deep.
Until I had fallen through the floor.

-

(Final Verse)

That night you came back home.
Thinking you did nothing wrong.
I had battled more than I could take.
Fighting wars all on my own.

All those nights I prayed for peace.
Hidden in shadows all alone. 
I finally chose to leave this place.
And send my soul back to its home.

A letter on the floor,
My handwriting in its words.

(Chorus)
I’m sorry I have to leave you.
Always know that I still cared.
But I knew that we just weren’t the same.
From the day your soul told mine.
“I didn’t know why you were crying.”

    - I want you to know Iloveyou. 

Every couple - marriage - partners whatever you want to call it, have their fights. As long as time as existed - nobody who's together all the time can agree on every single thing. And when we disagree from now on our arguements have the potential to be worse than ever if we let them - because you're not the only strong willed one in the room anymore. 

I will be a better partner to you than I have ever been. Not because I ever chose to give you less but because the things I've had to overcome on my own this year have left me with the ability to bounce back from even the darkest of days and come out swinging on top - able to offer you every piece missing from my plate. I have always been able to see what what I deserve - what we deserve. But now I hold the strength to fight for it too. 

We are going to have to learn how to keep 2 fighters from fighting eachother in the end. We have the same goal. To be happy. To be care free. To live a life we want, wherever we want, doing whatever the fuck we wake up and want to do. That's what we're fighting for. So when there's people coming around that are threatening everything we're about to have - or things come up that make us take a step back - we are going to have to learn to do that shit together. We never mean to pin the blame on eachother but well be damned if either of us pin it on ourselves so when there's nobody to blame we point the gun in each others direction. The one thing I have always been able to do is stop myself from pulling the trigger and walking out on you.

The ironic thing is that you continue to tell me I need to learn to start "pulling the trigger".

I know what you mean by that and believe me I hear you and I am working on pulling that damn trigger - at the right time and aimed at the right things.

I listen to you and I have and am still working on being everything you need so I can hold us both up if you ever start to fall down. But if I can take the things you ask of me and do them, then I would hope you'd have the respect to offer me the same effort - some people call it a compromise. I'm working on pulling the trigger, so hear me when I say that you need to work on not pulling the trigger when the barrel is aimed at me. 

If I could depend on your commitment to a life with me, as I have for all these years - add that to the fighter that I have grown into and the loyalty I have always had for you - these things are what will make us unbreakable to even the slimmest odds in the world. 

We have every tool that we need to be the biggest thing this planet has ever seen.

I've always offered:
Love
Patience
Devotion
Loyalty
and the power to see where every road will end.

You've always held the:
Strength
Determination
Work Ethic
Endurance
Passion
and protection for the home and family that we made.

We have everything Deacon. Every piece of every puzzle to be a true Ying&Yan. ☯️ Complete. Unbreakable. 

So imagine what we could be if we both held those pieces on our own - and chose to offer a little "give and take" to eachother depending on what we're lacking in each day.

I can be your strength and your protection on days that yours has faded away - if you can learn to how to be my love and my patience on days I'm struggling to let it show. 

Nobody's perfect. But what makes us different from the rest - i have always to this day seen you as perfect as you have told me for years I am to you. And that is why we have fought so long to be together because we're everything we have been looking for in life. 

Iloveyou you. I won't send you anymore giant messages. But I hope that this one really gets through to you. Cuz I'm still sweeping up the mess we made but the landfills almost gone. After that we have a blank slate. A chance to start over. And we either show this world what we're made of or we go out separate ways. 

I don't know where life takes us if we're apart - but one thing I know for sure is that we're invincible if we seal the deal and commit to always having one another. 

So you know where I stand. You used to stand there with me too. I'm able to give you everything I never could - I'm just asking for the same. You need a partner who's strong like you, and I need a heart that can be as tender as the one inside the walls I've built around mine. I am stronger than I've ever been. You have shown me love like I've been praying for. 

Ying and yang. Not because we're both lacking parts - but because we choose to give eachother the pieces that we lose until we find them once again. 

That's the ultimate partnership. That's something we will never have to doubt. That's a life that can never lose. That's how we win Karma’s fucked up game.

We will come out of this on top - it's the end I swear I see but only if we walk together and can choose the path together. 

We're at one now. A cross road. I want to go forwards because I see us finally happy without worries in the end. If you believe me when I tell you what I see then you'll go with me and learn to love me along the way but that's a choice I can't make you choose.

You know the life filled with adventure fame and riches that I want and in the last 5 months you have seen the fight I've learned to turned my pain into. Now it's your decision on if you'll take the strength your hate has turned into and use it to fight for what we want - or if you're walking away from me. 

I don't think you know how scared I am to say that because I have always chosen you. Leaving the decision in your hands leaves me open to starting over and alone. But regardless what you choose, i have found a deeper place inside my heart for you that gives me the strength to want what's best for you. The road I see gets you there with me right by your side. I'm asking you to believe in me because If we’re being honest I have yet to ever lead us astray. 

I'll always love you. I would always choose to love you. A million times over I would choose you. 

But this your choice to believe in me or walk the other way. 

Iloveyou Deacon. That's all I needed you to hear. No matter what you choose, they both start with this being the last long message I'll ever send you trying to explain why I fight so hard for you to see my point of view.

From here on out we either run this world together looking for an empire we'll call home - or we don't.

I've made my choice - and now I'm holding onto the patience that I have always had while praying you find the loyalty that lets us move ahead.

The next move is yours to make.

Iloveyou - Ive proved it a million times to be true so I believe that’s all I need to say.

My life was beautiful disaster from the start. 7 years ago I was shown an award-winning lifestyle with a boy I fell in love with the first night he held my hand. Every year since then has been a soap opera to say the least. Hitting hard times always balanced out with the best times of my life. Those 6 years of highs and lows had left us bonded like no couple I had ever known. Almost 2 years ago his dad passed away. I had watched this boy I loved struggle through life with me for 6 long years, if anyone deserved a leg up in life, it was most definitely him. Estranged from his dad, I knew it was a long shot but I knew I had to be the one to look towards the end of this tunnel, keeping an eye out for that so called "light". So emotions set aside, I reminded him that everything his father owned - was his.

Fast forward a few months & the legalities were all settled, and we're on our way to owning our very first home together. It wasn't a mansion by any means, but it was a home - our home.  And the property it rested on, was spacious, beautiful, and priivate- one of a kind on the edge of a very busy urban downtown. The home itself, a complete fucking disaster. But it was our home, my home - his home. So I spent every waking minute of every hour cleaning, emptying, packing, repainting and cleaning again. Until it was finally resembling what could be a home for us to stay.

Fast forward again, 2019 and Covid-19 hits. My fiance had already quit his job. We were barely getting by, but were no longer paying any mortage or bills that came our way. Things began to get stressful, very stressful. I do everything I can using Covid as an excuse to reach out for a helping hand.

It finally came, in the form of Unemployment Benefits, Food Stamps, and the Stimulus Package for Disaster Relief from the COVID Pandemic. Thousands and thousands of dollars were flowing into our bank accounts. See I'm never not thinking about the future and my fiance, where we'll end up. So for every dollar I spent - I sent one to be stashed away for a rainy day in one of my other bank accounts because 6 years had taught me that we can not be trusted to be financially responsible when money comes our way.

He'll never admit to it, or maybe he will, either way he'll say it was money well spent - but my fiance received nearly twice what I was in benefits - over $1,000 in free money, every week, for 6 months. & while I was purchasing stuff for the remodel, stuff for the future, making up for the 6 years I couldn't afford to gift him anything worth value, and still managing to save half of my earnings - for every dollar my fiance spent on daily living expenses, he spent another on himself. I believed he deserved to spoil himself, I didn't understand the disconnect from preparing for the day the money stopped flowing, but I knew he had done so much for me over the years that it wasn't my place to tell him what wallet to put his money in. I guess I  was secretly hoping he had an undercover plan like mine, that he was secretly paying off the house and that's why his pockets were always empty before the next deposit came. The letters from the bank and $2.000 electric bill that my measly $600 couldn't catch up with after already paying what other bills I could afford at the time.

That's when things started to change. He started to change.

I sat at home and focused on preparing for a life I had spent 7 years crying out for. Deciding to turn this home into an air BnB as a ensured form of permanent income for us, left me with a LONG list of to-do's. Funding it by myself began showing impossible. The fun money throwing life once again became stressful, my fiance seemed distant, we began arguing more and more until it was at the point of seeming like pure hatred. Life was always good when we could spend what we wanted, but as soon as a bill slapped us in the face, anything stressful really - it became the 'blame' game. As if nothing I had spent, invested, and gifted throughout my entire Pandemic Benefits mattered anymore. Now the focus was shifted, put on our relationship, on the cause, and it was me. While I was sitting focused, admtidly probably too focused on the  future most of time, on our life - I apparently overlooked what he eventually said were desires for attention that I shut down. The distance I had been feeling was realized to be completely my fault. While he seemed to be having fun making friends and riding the motorcycles he bought himself, my uninvolvement in his social life was apparently secretly causing root problems.

And now everyone will know that you laugh at me while somebody who loved me beats me. That you laugh at me while I’m crying and begging you to leave my husband alone. That you told me to thank you for the meth you have him addicted to. I will start with your family. Don’t think it will take me very long to type an intro to the very detailed letter I have had ready to send. 

You bring him home and you go slit your wrists somewhere I don’t have to watch. But I am going to ruin everything you ever thought you were going to steal from me if you don’t bring him home and leave us alone. I swear this on my grandpas grave. The same one you cried in front of because you envied my family before you tried to steal the biggest piece of it there was. 

Bring him home. Now. Or let the world see the fucking monster you really are. 

So you ready to talk yet?

Cuz i for one am very confused right now. 

And I am sincerely hoping you can clarify somethings with me - like you’re told in my lovers lies these days.

Ever since you left from here to run to Florida - Deacon has been going back and forth between leaving me .. or sending me messages like “Christian get your ass down here and help me figure out how to not leave this boy completely screwed”

The night before I came home from my visit to Florida - he told me “I need you to go home, start packing and working on the house and if you can be patient I promise I am going to make you the happiest boy in the world”

He has told me he loved me, laughed when I mentioned he was still sleeping with you. And even went so far as to tell me you sleep in separate hotel rooms. 

Most recently was a comment his mom heard during one our arguments - right before he hit me for the first time in our 9 years together. 

Me-‘You straight up told me you were using him for money.’
Deacon-“Not for his money, for his connections - this is my game, it’s all my money”
 
Some more of my favorites are:

“What if I tell you I fucked up when I left you, I just need time to make it right.”

“I think it’s funny that you think I’m still fucking the kid.”

So you can imagine my surprise when he came home and started disappearing with you. And the hatred I had towards you. Like you brought my babe home just to turn around and taunt him to leave me all over again - day after day. 

So the story lately - goes “I have over $6,000 worth of product in the streets and I have to go with Josiah because they’re his people I’m making my money through.”

Still telling me you aren’t anything to him at all this entire time. 

So here we are. Deacon shows up, we spend a great day together. We have sex and he steps outside but leaves his phone unlocked. 

Better believe it. 

So I’m going to ask you before I say a god damn word to him. 

What is going on between you 2?

Why does he have a grinder pretending to be a 60 yr old man talking about selling himself and his boyfriend for sex. 

And lastly, if you knew that he was lying to me- telling me he loves me- fucking me ... why exactly haven’t you bothered to tell me that he is sexually active with more than just me?

Because this is exactly how my brother got HIV.

Besides the fact that the two of you started this entire mess by slithering around behind my back - you have now continued to degrade me by concealing any truth to the stories I have been told repeatedly. Every time he is with you. 

Deacon loves me. That’s not a question. 

But what I want to know -What is the truth that I don’t know. 

Everything that happens when I am not around?

Idk if he’s been lying to you too or if I’m just the one who’s getting lied to. But I don’t deserve to be ridiculed like this. All for loving a man who was good to me until the day he wasn’t anymore. 

Looking forward to hearing some honesty for once. See u round Josiah. 


Iloveyou - so much that I sit here and do everything you told me too. I try so hard to be patient for you. You told me you loved me and if I loved you too that I would come home and wait for you. 
 
I'm still waiting for you Deacon. And I’m taking care of your mom while I’m doing it. I have to take her to detox today and I am just asking you to keep your word. 

Plz deacon. Be here. Choose to prove your own words are worth something.  

I just wish I knew what to do. How to redo this all. Go back to the last party we ever had and tell you no to the meth. We’d crawl in bed and I would lay in your arms like I have every night for almost 10 years of my life, wake up smoke some weed, clean the house and cook dinner while you went to work, pick you up and come home to eat while we watched a movie until you fell asleep. I’d smile as i lay next to you, cuz even when you were asleep I could feel just how much you loved me. Id fall asleep like I did every single night before that, knowing I was the most loved and protected boy in this world - because I shared a bed with you. You were beautiful, you were going to love me forever, you were the only thing I would ever need.  My life was perfect and would be right now - because you’d be next to me everytime I went to sleep and I would never have to worry about waking up with you anywhere but here. For the rest of my life. 

For the longest time I couldn't understand how someone who would call themselves my friend - could join the love of my life in taking everything I ever wished for away from me. Then I saw it. I still don't understand. But when I remembered Tim from Hastings - it alll made sense. 

I was right the entire time. Josiah never loved you just like you never loved him or you wouldnt choose to sleep in my bed every night. This was never about loving you, wanting you, or loving you at all. What he did, what he keeps doing, the very reason he sat in his car smiling at me while I was baring my heart to the world just begging him to leave. This is what he does. This just another one of his fucking kinks. He gets off on fucking someone's husband. Taking that power away from them, watching them choose him over the person who's loved them for years. We aren't married but to him we always appeared that way. Because we were strong, devoted, in love. He just happened to be friends with me. But the minute he stopped looking at me like I mattered to him at all - boom you hinted your willingness to take part in infidelity. And that's what turns him on. Just like he would hold smile that creepy grin when he would talk about time and his marriage - that's the same smile he sat outside and shot at me. 

Which means the minute that I don't want you - he'll get bored and leave you.

I filled up the generator with gas, and started it so Ramon can vacuum up the broken glass. I need you to do whatever you do to the generator to make it run right, I taped that screwdriver in there but it's not wanting to hold.

I cleaned up the bedroom as best I could before my mom made me leave, I chose to leave Kaida and the babies there cuz I know they’re safe with you.

& I left cigarettes for you on the dresser. 


This is all that I have left in me to fight for everything I believe in you. I made a promise to fight the world for you for the rest of my life. But I don't deserve to be fighting you to keep the promise the promise I made if you can’t fight for the one you made to me.

Deacon, iloveyou with all my heart. I want to spend every day of my life with you. You have always been a fighter, the one who always protected and defended and went to war with the world for me. I have proven how strong I’ve grown, how much I am willing to do to defend the life I have with you. If you fight me every time when it’s clear to see that I'm only fighting for you, I have to walk away from you - because we will fight each other until one of us is dead. 

The person I have grown into and the strength that I have gained over the years is something I have gained because of you and because of the fighter that you are. 
Together we could have everything in a matter of days, weeks, a year. Sooner than you believe. We are strong enough to have everything we have dreamed if we can only let the walls around our hearts down long enough to see each other through to another day.

I know how much you love me, you never really leave because you know when I’m with you that I will always be okay, and I love you enough to trust you'll never truly leave me even when you choose to walk away.

 I haven't had a chance to give my vows to you in this life yet, but since the day you asked me too I've lived my life like I already did. I want to spend my life with you, fighting with you, I want to see this world and everything it's worth with you, I want to live life with you until my body has no life left inside. 

I don't stay because I'm weak. I don't fight because I'm scared. I don't love you because I don't think anyone else would love me. 

I stay to fight because you have proved your love for me.

I fight to stay because i will always prove my love for you. 

Iloveyou because you have always stayed to fight to fight to stay to love me too. 

You are my life partner, twin flame, soulmate, kindred spirit, love of my life - whatever you call it - you are it. The one I chose to give my heart to. It belongs to you now, it always will - til it beats for the last time. 

Deacon. I know you hear me. I know you see me. As much as I know you're actually taking the time to read what I write. If that's true then you will know exactly what I mean when I say -

I didn't love you when I met you, but 9 years later you are everything I bleed. My love for you is the air my lungs breathe. My hope for you is what opens my eyes every morning. My lust for you is what keeps the blood inside my veins flowing. 

Fighting for you isn't selfish - it’s fighting for the life you have given me.

I fight you because I am you just as much as you are me. 

Every year we have shared we have always been each others reason. Given  eachother every smile, laugh, hope, love, kiss, every memory and every tear drop we’ve wiped from each others face - these are the reasons that I stay.

I will fight to end this fight until I have no life left inside me. The whole time only wishing to stop this insanity just long enough for you to take your eyes off of the fight and remember the reason we ever began this war. 9 years ago we chose to fight together because we were everything we believed in. Love. Trust. Loyalty. Happiness. Wealth. Equality. Hope to create beauty in every part of the world we would visit in our journey. 

We're fighting the same battle. One the world has repeatedly watched us win every single time. But we will lose this one forever - if we can’t stop fighting from different sides long enough to see we’re fighting for the same life. I don’t want to end this journey when there is so much of this world left to see - I want to experience the world with you. A lifetime - a million memories we will never have. This is what we’re fighting for. This is what’s at stake. And this is all I have left in me to save them. They mean everything to me - I’m spending my last efforts hoping they mean as much to you. 

IWillAlwaysLoveYou

When the day comes my heart is tired, when my soul is ready to leave this body behind and my life finally flashes before my eyes - a million memories of a lifetime loved by you is all I will ever want to see.

Let these words be what you need to finally see me for exactly who I am.

Iloveyou Deacon. Over and over again - I would choose to love you every time. 

Hello, my names Christian. I’m just going to be honest here so as to avoid having to explain anything later. 

My fiancé and I have 4 beautiful furry babies we’ve added to our little family over the years. The most recent one being Kaida, we THINK she’s only a little over 1 year old (long story). Then there’s Oliver, our big cuddly all white and extremely handsome baby boy whom is going to be turning 4 this year. Before him comes Maliah or “little one” as we call her, she is our excessively adorable 5 year old kitten that never grew; very small for her age but energetic and attention seeking as always. And finally the “mama” if the group, Lana; whom has been my best friend since before my fiancé and I even began our relationship 6 years ago, Lana is going to be 8 years old this October.

So now the reason for my message is that I’m kind of seeking some type of guidance through starting this whole process, because up to this point my fiancé and I were financially “unstable” I guess you could say. Always paid our bills, not always on time, which unfortunately as much as we love these babies of ours, had caused any type of routine vet care or insurance e program to be a luxury we couldn’t afford. Luckily all of them have been and remain very healthy, active and well kept which has been a blessing we are so thankful for. How ever, due to us not being able to provide routine healthcare, we also have not ever registered any of the ktttens since we moved back to Omaha 5 years ago. 

Now days we are finally on our feet and running, financially stable and preparing to open our first business together, which has blessed me with the ability to set up a routine delivery of a variety of healthy grain-free all natural cat foods that my girls and boy adore, both wet & dry so as to maintain a consistent familiar food source instead of whatever was on sale at the grocery that week. After setting this up, purchasing them a filtered water drinking fountain, self-cleaning litterboxes, and gifting them brand new scratching towers and a room of their own full of every cat toy that sparkled, jingled, or crinkled, our babies are living the life they deserve. 

SO NOW, here we are. I have them all installed on a Pet Insurance program through EmbracePetInsurance:

Each one of them is  covered for accident, illness & injury up to $5,000/year with Lana, being the eldest, up to $8,000/year all at a $300 deductible. 

Additionally they are all on Embrace’s Wellness Rewards program which insures the reimbursement for exam fees, vaccinations, micro chipping, flea, heart worm, spay/neuter, prescriptions and prescribed foods, dental cleaning, chiropractic care.... I mean basically everything, literally even covers Reiki sessions and massage therapy. 

Now comes the final step, which brings me to the reason I’ve forced you to read this terribly long letter... (sorry). Have spent weeks researching the best vet clinics and reading thousands of reviews, and finally, to my fiancé’s huge relief, I made my decision to entrust their health into the hands of your team. To conclude this, here is what I am needing:

• Exams for all
• Vaccinations for all
• Any preventative for all (heartworm etc.) 

•Microchip install for Lana, Maliah, & Kaida. (Oliver came with his)

• Spay procedures for Maliah & Kaida

•License/Registragion completed for all. 

I would prefer to do 2 cats per appointment, as they have never been to a clinic before, this is going to be a very scary thing for them. Looking to initiate this process ass as possible. 

My only concerns, and I sincerely need your advice on how exactly we are going to make this possible... MALIAH is needing to be Spayed ASAP as she has been having excessive heat sessions lately and has been spraying/urninating around the house (worried about a possible UTI for the urination issue).  HOWEVER, a little over a year ago our home was victim to a robbery and our cats suffered due to this. I had just left home to pick my fiancé up from to work to return 30 minute stuff later and find glass shattered and every drawer in the home emptied onto the ground, our bedroom dressers thrown onto the ground. Maliah happened to trapped under one those dressers, we didn’t find her until an hour or so after running circles around the block screaming for her. She has been anxiety ridden and extremely untrusting of anybody who isn’t one of her dads ever since. She has given our friends minor scratches for attempting to pet her, one friend who decided to try and pick her up even after being told not to, received a black eye from Maliah that lasted weeks. The minute I take her out of this home, she is going to be a scared, angry, mean creature to anybody who isn’t my fiancé or I. We’ve been working on this with her and she is getting better, her heat sessions oddly have been the times that she has finally been allowing our friends to pet her and give her belly rubs. When she is not in heat though, they  just have to let her mind her own business. ALL OF THIS BEING SAID, I am sincerely at a loss for what to do about bringing her in for this procedure or any exams at all, because she is not going to be okay with anyone or being in a strange environment, especially if she can’t see her father or I. I’m leaving this issue to your discretion on telling me what I need to do for Maliahs sake to comfortably and safely make this happen while causing as little stress to her poor body as we can. 

Other than that, the only other issue I can possibly foresee is Lana being aggressive as she also does not like strangers, but should be fine as long as I’m right next to her. Oliver is just shy and freaks out when he’s not home, but loves people and belly rubs. Kaida should be okay, just meowing a lot, you’re going to love her. 

Thank you so much in advance for all your help, and thank you for taking the time to read a very excessive letter from one severely overly anxious parent. 

Feel free to contact me or Deacon, my fiancé, to set up any appointments at (402) 301-5636. 

I’d like to get Maliah and Kaida in first. Followed by Lana and Oliver. 

Take care. 

Sincerely,
Christian

Ok so here is e deal I will be home in a few Hours everything in this house was a disaster so I’ve gatherEd as much as I could find around the house. I thinking there still might be some of your clothes in the basement. As far as kitten I need you to her me unit on this. When you brought this cat here you our her in a positions where she had a stable home with other cats to interact and live with. That being said she has become attached to our animals and vice versa. I do not feel that it is right that she is taken away and out back into the life of “being homeless” and bouncing around from home to home or client to client for that matter. I mean what happens (god forbid) something happens and you get arrested or end up end the hospital and that’s car is sitting in your car outside of Walmart or at some swerves house that isn’t going to care for her. My point is I have set up an appointment with the Nebraska humane society that was not cheap btw for her I get her vaccines and spayed he claws doin and a all over physical exam. As well to be registered into the animal health insurance program. Christian and I have supported financially and emotionally/physically this cat since the day you same over and pretty much dropped her off and we became the 24/7 daycare that you needed to go do what you has to do. I mean think about it the day your car got stolen where do you think that car would be if she wasn’t here? I really don’t want to turn this into a whole ordeal but if need be we have sought out other means of making sure she has a safe and permanent home. There is such thing called the abandonment law wich she falls into the category of solely based on the fact that we have financial pricing de have cared for here for over thirty days.

“A mother is God in the eyes of a child.”

A quote that is forever carved in ink on the side of my body. One of the truest sayings I have ever heard. A quote that I try to remind myself of as often as I can.

My mom has danced with me through laughter & sunshine and sat with me through the sorrow & storms. Together we’ve lived a life that was utterly beautiful, completely chaotic, and overwhelmed with lessons learned. Those who know me on a personal level, tend to remind me how strong of a person I am. How seamlessly I can push through the hardest days. All of this I’ve learned from one woman. The life my mother has lived and the hardships I have watched her grow through are things that are enough to push most grown woman into the mud for the last time. Yet she rises from it all the better, every single time. 

When I tell you my mother is the strongest woman in the world, when I tell you my mother is the most accepting “arms wide open” gal I’ve ever met, when I tell you that my mother will fight tooth and nail to protect and defend those left in the shadows, when I tell you that my mother is the mother I pray for everyone to have, it’s all true. She truly is a blessing to this world.

Happy birthday to the goddess who’s shaped me, defended me, loved me and constantly told me to never be anyone but myself. You’re an angel and the world just wouldn’t be the same without you. 

Iloveyou mom 💕

“A mother is God in the eyes of a child.”

Hi Ellen. I wanted to share a story with you about the man who continues to save my life every day, in hopes that maybe you might be the beacon of hope he needs to see. 

I met my better half almost 10 years ago. At that time my life had hit one of its lowest moments. I had just left a very unhealthy relationship, which in turn cost me my home, my friends, and my pride. I was forced to turn to sleeping on my brother’s couch, I had nowhere else to go. I met Deacon, the love of my life, while at my sinking point. That day he grabbed my hand, asked to take me away for the weekend and we spent our first “date” from sundown dancing the night away at one of his favorite night clubs until sunrise walking the streets of the city telling each other the story of our lives. Immediately I was shown more love and dedication than I had ever seen from a man.

From that moment on, we have never left each other’s side. I was jobless and he was working for a large telecommunications business that sent him all over the country for work. Within a matter of weeks after our first date, he asked if he could take me away from the life I was trapped in, and I trusted him to do so. We spent the next 2 years traveling the country together. He gave me everything I needed, loved me more than anyone had ever before, and never asked for anything in return. Life was perfect. 

Suddenly life took an unexpected and gut wrenching turn, without warning he lost his job. We were forced to move back home, once again I was sleeping on couches that didn’t belong to me, only this time I wasn’t alone. We struggled together, and I finally made the decision to find my way into a Cosmetology program. Days before I began my schooling, Deacon stopped a pageant at our local LGBT venue to pull me on stage, bend on one knee and promise me the biggest commitment one can. We were then set to be married. As we slowly pieced our life back together over another 2 years, he tirelessly worked job after job supporting us and getting us an apartment of our own as I finished my degree. 

In these years we have been together, life has not been kind. We have been left in the dirt by employers, landlords, friends, and at times even family. Every time we would start on the rise, something came and threw us back into the hole we had just climbed from. We’ve been engaged now for 5 years, the wedding forced on the back burner waiting for our life to fall in place.

A few months ago, Deacon’s estranged father passed away. It was hard on him, mostly because he never had the chance to know the man who kept himself distanced from his life. However we found he was set to inherit his home, and so we were looking at the silver lining of it all. This was finally our chance. We were going to own a home together, which meant we could start a life together, prepare for a family. Only once again did life decide to pile on the hardship. 

We had moved out of our old home, leaving most everything we own in storage because this house we had just inherited was in dire need of some love. Not truly knowing how much love it needed. We were suddenly bombarded with word that in order to make our home liveable, we are looking at tens of thousands of dollars that we do not have. The windows are cracked and leaking in the cold air, the siding is torn up and allowing anything inside the walls that chooses, the floors all in need of replacement from prior mice and roach infestation, and electrical outlets sparking and causing fear of fire every time we need to use them. But this was his fathers home, supposed to be our first home, we refuse to give this beautiful blessing up. 

We’ve now been living in an empty shell for months, all of our belongings in a storage unit we can’t afford. It seems there is no near future of this home being done, and with winter coming we don’t know what we are going to do. We lived on false promises for months from people offering to do most of the work on an IOU type agreement, they’ve all since left us in the dark. 

I don’t know exactly what I am praying for out of messaging you. I simply know that you have been that angel, that beacon of light, to so many people in the world. I thought maybe, just maybe you are the light that can help in this dark time. My fiancé is the most loving, lively, and beautiful man I have ever known. He is now falling into a dark mindset, on the edge of giving up. It breaks my heart to see this boy who once swept me off my feet, saved my life and continued to do so for so many years, lose that beautiful brave smile and hang his head in defeat.

If there is any chance you would help him find that life he once dreamed of, that is all I could ever ask of you.

Thank you for taking the time to listen Ellen. You have always been my biggest inspiration, you will never know what you have truly done for me, and how you have helped shaped me by showing the world there is always kindness somewhere.

Take care. 

Sincerely,
-Christian

They say to be grateful for the struggle, the tailspin will land you exactly where you need to be. The struggles that have been forced on me over the last few years, are things however that I can never be grateful for, because they are tailspins we didn’t send ourselves into, plot twists we never deserved and story lines I was never meant to live. 

So let me tell you the story nobody knows about my life and the person I’ll never meet who changed it forever. 

It started over 4 years ago. After moving our life back home from traveling around the country so that I could complete my Cosmetology degree, life became financially tight. My fiancé quit his job that offered him a stable 100K yearly pay but required him to travel thousands of miles away, and went into the service industry making quick cash to keep us afloat through this transition period.

Over a span of 2 years while I finished school and my fiancé worked multiple jobs full-time, we placed the trust of our livelihood for the first time into the hands of numerous people we would come to know as lessons learned. Employers who always left us empty handed, landlords who nearly landed us homeless more times than I can count, and friends who clung around when money was flowing but left us alone when we were unable to make it out to the party. We went through our struggles, as everyone does, and we made it to the other side. 

A few years ago we had finally earned our come up. Everything was finally going to be okay, and money was no longer going to be an issue, which meant that we could finally start planning our future. Of course after having dealt with so many people over a number of years who repeatedly thrust knives into our backs, we naturally developed trust issues with anyone when it came to our financial life. Employers, landlords and friends had forced us to make choices through out this time period that put our credit in the dumpster and had collections at our backs. So we never allowed ourselves to keep a bank account in fear of someone attempting to drink from it, just a hidden stash of everything that we had worked so hard to gain amongst the sinkholes that seemed to appear around our life prior. 

Then it happened.

We come home one night from what we thought to be just another day at work to see our front door had been kicked in. We walk in to find my 3 sweet innocent kittens terrorized and in a full panic, my home flipped upside down and inside out, my dressers slammed into the ground, the drawers scattered throughout with everything inside of them now thrown amongst piles of items that were shattered all around, the ground littered with what had once been items decorating the home we fought for years to create. Every single item we owned had been touched by someone I’ll never know the name of. They stole what we had tired our bodies for years saving, the sunshine we had hidden to pull ourselves out of the storm. Priceless items we had spent the past years since moving back holding onto and our stash collective of more money than we had ever managed to save in our lives combined. The money that was soon to be tripled in a deal in order to give us a foothold into the future we wanted. We were once again shoved face first into the mud.

The feeling of being violated in itself was overwhelming. Every night left home alone, I was forced to sit on my couch with a butchers knife by my side. Jumping at every sound, every headlight that shined through my blinds, scared that whatever vile human came into my home that terrible night was going to come back.

We lost everything. Our financial stability, our peace of mind, any chance of having the life we dreamed of any time soon. 

Eventually because someone had taken everything from us that was keeping our world afloat, we lost our home.

Soon to follow, my fiancé lost his job.

We were left once again with nothing, and no one by our side.

After that day it seemed to be a constant battle of doing good for others and repeatedly learning the lesson that others will not always do good unto you.

Eventually we were off our knees and freshly on our feet, no money saved up but we were making it through the months. My fiancé found a job that he loved and employers that he looked up to in an industry he adores. We found a home to rent from landlords that appeared to be a god send. Life was still a struggle, but we were making it through. Month by month we were slowly clawing our way out of this hole we had been shoved into. At this point we were simply trying to be okay in the present, but no longer able to truly plan our future.

A year passed and then a blessing came our way, and we were suddenly set to inherit a home of our own but it came with the risk of putting ourselves in yet another financial situation first, having to pay our way through a legal battle in order to secure the inheritance but would concurrently secure a home for our future. We sat and discussed every aspect of this until we finally agreed that life was handing us an opportunity and we needed to take it. With me working at the salon and my better half managing a high volume establishment on the edge of downtown, we believed we could tackle this head on and come out of this on top.

Then it happened.

We had opened up to finally trusting someone again, and the employers of my fiancé whom we had placed our fragile lives in the hands of after previously having everything taken from us, thrust yet another knife into our already full backs. After a night of finally standing up to some problems that were arising amongst his employees there, the behavior of the employers themselves, and the unfair financial offerings they were giving to their employed son and no one else as promised who worked equally as hard and were equally deserving of, they fired my fiancé. The man who had given them every piece of himself for so long. They threw him to the curb like a bag of trash without warning, all while knowing full well the financial obligations of this inheritance that we had just taken on and the rough life we had previously lived.

We did the only the only thing we could do and began telling ourselves everything was going to be okay, that this was the universe simply telling us we were meant to be pushed in another direction. My other half scurried for a month to find new employment as we began the process of completing the move out of our old home and into the one. All the while still making financial payments on the rather large remaining mortgage left on the home we inherited.

Then it happened again, betrayal.

Our old landlords smiled and wished us well to our faces as we moved out, and within months sent us a bill in the mail for thousands of dollars in damages that anyone who has ever been to my home can tell you never existed. These private landlords, slum lords, who allow people in bad situations like we had previously been in, to move into their homes only to turn around and prey on their financials when they move out. The “god sends” who offered a helping hand in a dire situation someone had forced us into, slapped us right in the face when we were no longer going to be filling their pockets every month.

Now we sit in this home. This “blessing”. Having been beat down by every person we have trusted in this life. My fiancé once again starting a new job, having to work his way from the bottom. Being truly grateful for the few people left in our life that have stuck by our side. All the meanwhile remembering those who once again disappeared when our wallets tightened. One I considered even to be of my closest friends justifying their absence in our life with a text message stating “I haven’t been around because I know you guys are in a financial situation and I was worried you would ask for money.” When all we ever needed was a friend to sit with us as we take care of ourselves until the sun comes out again.

While I know we are not perfect, these terrible things that have happened to us have caused us to walk the paths we did. We’re on the edge of a second chance. These months to follow are going to be what finally fills our life with the financial stability and loving household that we have so desperately been searching for all these years since having everything shattered before us. These holes we were forced into was done to us by people disguised as a light at end of a tunnel, that in turn only sent us into a deeper darker cavern. And while I harbor so much resentment towards the pile of bodies that have left these knives in our backs, my mind can only bring me back to one time period where this tailspin began. That night when our lives were broken into and stolen from. 

My mind constantly searches over the timeline of our life and series of events we have been through, and always comes back to one conclusion. 

What I would give to sit in a room with the person who broke into my home and stole my future.

What I would give to tell them that they didn’t simply steal sentimental items or the cash that we had saved. They stole years from me, years that I will never have. They stole from me what we were so close to using as our payment towards a future with a home and a family. Had they simply left us alone, I would have never walked down this path, I would have never met these people that have since continued to tear my life apart. I would have never lost my home, my trusting ways of loving people, my peaceful mind. 

If I could sit down with the person who ransacked my life and destroyed everything I owned I would tell them, by now I would living in a home of my own choosing, with my loving and beautiful fiancé, almost fully financially prepared for the family I so desperately dream of. Today my life would be my own, but you stole that from me. When you shattered the glass on my front door, you thought you hit the jackpot, but when you left with everything I had you forced me to walk a road I was never supposed to be down. A road I’ve been walking down lost and confused every year since. A road filled with people who have hurt me more times than I care to count, a road that made me lose my home, a road that has at times forced me into food banks, piling my sweet kittens and all the clothes I could carry into my car to go sleep in motels because I had no place to call my own, a road that has introduced people into my world that I was so eager to call friend and who were so quick to turn around and add another dagger to my back.

None of this was supposed to be my life, my road was clear. My destination in sight. You never broke into my home and simply stole my money, you stole every plan I ever had, you stole my future.

You stole where I would be right now. 
Where I should be right now.
The family I would be so closing to having by now. 

You stole my kindness, my trusting heart, my belief of good in the world.
You stole the loving person I was supposed to be.

You stole my path and left me on a road that was not mine to walk. Leaving me cold, lost and at times heartless.

For that, I will never forgive you. 

Gypsy Dust & Wanderlust


Purpose & Audience
    * I’m writing this book for myself as a form of therapy but also because I want to share my story with the world and those who stand to lose their hope  to find home in the darkness addiction’s chaos brings.  
Audience

Apologies don’t mean anything, I know this just as well as I know that my life was never meant to be this way… I hate myself for the prison of a mind I’ve trapped myself in. I would say I’m debilitated by the messed up things that live inside of me, but doing so takes the blame from me - the blame that I have always vowed to carry with me. 

I spent $10 at Menards and $45 on a computer for myself yesterday. I had $60 in bitcoin snd $100 in cash and this is all I have left - you do the math. 

But it’s okay because you made sure I feel guilty for expecting you to pay me back.

You’re not worried about my fines, if that were the case you wouldn’t have spent it on a flashlight for rick or a $15 burrito or $10 scratch tickets that don’t win anything. I don’t think you will ever see just how much I’ve gone without to let you have the things you need. And this is the first time you ever paid me, and it’s still less than what you said you had been “saving” to pay my fines. $350 - that would have been everything I needed to pay my mom the money she thinks is coming. But I thought we only had $100 from a fish tank. 

From $1,000 worth of wood to give you the chance to have the business you said you dreamed of owning, the $600 I gave you out of my PPP loan to buy dope to “make money” wiall the money you were”keeping safe” for me from the almost $20000you received from selling the house I broke myself investing in, and whatever you made these last 10 months that you say you were running pounds of drugs that you only started selling to help me pay off my measly $2000 in fines. 

All that money. All those times you promised to help me. To pay me back. To split what we had coming.
And I only have $35 left to my name.

This is the first time you ever came through to keep a part of one of those promises to me - $100 out of $350. 

And I feel guilty for asking you to send it to me…

Create a dark themed app with a transparent logo: https://cutewallpaper.org/27x/wrivhpdfu/1390722631.jpg. The app plays nostalgic music in the background as soon as it is opened. The app requests the user to creat a username and password it will link to an email address they are asked to provide and verify through a verification code sent instantly to the email address they provide. After logging in the logo appears again and slowly flickers for a while before disappearing completely. The app is a AI bot that creates an authentic crypto wallet with an address it provides for the user to deposit cryptocurrency into with the option for the user to withdraw the cryptocurrency to any crypto wallet address they provide. 

            In Order To Live
        The Life We Dream

 - Happy, loved, & worry-

The Chaos That Remains Constant

- Meowing in bedroom
- Oliver and Luna fighting/hissing
- Mom’s makeup used
- Deacon leaving messes behind
- Christian’s debilitating anxiety/depression
- Lack of financial stability

       Requires 

1. Cats & Bedroom
2. Oliver & Luna 
3. Mom’s Space & Security of Belongings
4. Deacon’s organization
5. Place to Think - Space for Peace
6. Machines to Support our Dreams

Touchstone – Lincoln, NE

Length of Stay : Typically last 35 to 42 days however, the exact timeframe for transition is never predetermined. Individuals typically know their completion date 7 to 10 days prior to transitioning.

Phone Access : Phase 1 (min 7 days)  – Access to landline phones. No computers,  no visitation, no outings.
	
Program Basis : Recovery Model
        - [ ] Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy : Based on concept the solution is for me to begin where th4 problem began - with my thoughts.
        - [ ] Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (DBT) - Learning to manage emotional reactons to life.
        - [ ] Motivational Interviewing (MI) - The idea that how an individual is trewated is important to their healing process.

Emphasis on having a variety of options for indiviuals to choose from in their recovery. 
        - [ ] 12-Step Program
        - [ ] SMART Recovery (Self-empowering recovery group based on latest scientific research)
                - Building Motivation, Coping with Urges, Managing thoughts, Living Balanced Life
        - [ ] Refuge Recovery (Buddhist Philosophy)
        - [ ] LifeRing

Thanks for the sex machine - it was fun while it lasted 🤷🏽

You’ll never get it - will you?

You want him. Fine. God knows he’s just as disgusted by you and all ur old men as I am but I can’t take this tweaked out sack chasing mess of a life y’all wanna live no more..  so I’ll just give him to you since neither of you can seem to rid that meth’d out Josie bitch that lives inside your brain from existing in what’s left of the world you destroyed when you started shooting up anything and everything you could chasing that high - there’s barely anything left of me because you keep existing. 

You win. Have someone who doesn’t want you. Let him use you for your meth addiction so he never runs dry and sobers up. You’ll feel no live - and by the time you’re 31 - you’ll be empty and left alone to feel worthless just as you have done to me.. The difference between u and me? I never wronged you, I never hurt anybody but deacon out of anger - 2 times throughout the 10years I have loved him just to end up finding him hiding anotherb intention of being disloyal to me. I’ve never received an apology - just a reason why it was my fault or told it wasn’t cheating like asking for nudes from every one of your ex’s isn’t considered infidelity by definition of its intentions. Out of hundreds of times - I chose to hurt him twice - and I was honest about what I did.

I never deserved anything you manipulated your way into taking from me .  . But this . . This is exactly what you deserve. You never had any right to snake your way back into my world to crack out the beautiful boy holding my hand - allover again. 

You ruin lives Josie. Someday soon sobriety will force you to face that. You destroyed families- and you are selfish enough to cost people like him the happiness he had cherished in every love-filled home he ever shared with me. 

You wanna change lives for the better Josie? Stop existing. That’s the only thing you could ever do to balance out every disgusting shameful worthless thing you ever did to me and all the other people in this world who has ever wished that they had never met you. 

We’re not the same.

We never were. 

I didn’t tear anyone’s world apart. I didn’t aid in costing someone their only home. I didn’t come back every single day to entice my best friends husband to have an affair with me. I didn’t come back to mock nor taunt the pain I caused them. And I never lied about being clean from stds just to give one to somebody who trusted me. 

I never once claimed to be perfect - but throughout this I have been the one your choices have cost the most - and you don’t get to blame me or claim victim to the one you torture everyday - it’s time you paid your dues and faced the consequences for turning 2 beautiful humans into rotted fiends - you killed my husband and my best friend 😔 I miss them both - but now I have more memories of you hurting me than  i do of the friend you used to be to me. 

Now I have no remorse for what I have done to ensure your suffering in the end. 

I’ll never forgive you because I will always wish you never existed. I think about every opportunity to have everything that I was given and you chose to swerve in and throw all of them away. 

I hate you and I pity the pathetic meth fiend you became.

You’ll rot somewhere the sun doesn’t shine - as empty as you’ve made me - and the only visitor you’ll get will ask you if it was worth it.

 But you’ll be too ashamed to answer me.

I want you to know that I don't cry because you leave. It's bigger than that and you need to see that or we never stood a chance - I won't ever stand a chance of not hating you again. 

I don't cry because you leave. I cry because of who you leave with. Everytime. Not because of who he is. Because of what he did to me. What you both did to me. 

I've never asked for an apology. Never let it affect how much iloveyou. I've forgiven you and keep trying to forget what I was forced to go through because of what you and that boy chose to do.

What that person was willing to do to me, as someone I never stopped caring about, someone I only stopped talking to because of the chaos and embarrassing mess the drugs had turned this house into, the person I cared so much about that I cut him out of my life out of sheer embarrassment because you refused to stop allowing addicts to live on the couches and dealers to drop giant loads off of the very drug that boy used to cry to us for saving him from. 

Deacon I begged you to never let him come over to see the crack house we were living in if you weren't going to tell ur "friends" to leave or help me clean the meth den we were living in so we could have a home again where he could hangout. You just brought him over anyways. Right into the meth cave. I felt sick that he saw us living like that because he let me know that he knew exactly what was going on from the beginning when he said to me "I used to live in a house like this."

I never stopped caring about him. I was ashamed. Alone. Cleaning up after disgustingly messy dope fiends day after day until I couldn't keep up anymore and the minute I stopped is the minute the inside of the house got just as bad as the outside - and that's when I started focusing on making atleast a piece of the house beautiful - so I started chilling by myself upstairs. 

Shortly after that is when you took that boy to Lincoln. The first time ever in 8 years that I didn't know where you were. That you didn't answer my calls. That we had gotten into a fight and you hadn't come home or atleast told me where you were staying. For 24 hours I was sure something had happened to you. You had never not come home before. Never in 8 years. Never not called. Told me you were out with friends. Said iloveyou. 24 hours I thought you were dead. I thought you had gotten into a motorcycle crash or accidentally went into a ditch and the last thing I had said to you was something out of so much anger that it's something I have loved to regret. While i was calling every hospital within 150 miles, every jail close by and driving up and down the interstate between Lincoln and here checking ditches for your bike because I was so scared you were dead  - I couldn't stop thinking that the last thing I said to you was "I hope you crash your fucking bike".  That's what made it so much worse, made me so scared that I posted on Facebook just so that the world would help me look for you. And they did. They searched and shared and called and messaged - because everyone knew how much you loved me. Everyone in our world knew that you had never not called me. Never not told me where you were. Never not come home. Not a single day - in the 6 years we had been together. 

When you finally called me I was so happy to know you were alive - I felt no other emotion but joy. Then sadness when you wouldn't tell me where you were and left me alone at home for another 6 hours. 36 hours after what I had begun to accept as a search for the body of the man I had loved for so many years and was engaged to spend all the years in my life with - you finally came home. 

I was so happy to see you. I didn't understand why you looked so angry.. why you looked at me and said "you have no idea what you've done. You just put people into my life that I have not talked to in years. I have a million messages. This is over dramatic.  Why did you call the cops - I could have ended up in jail because of you".

I did call the cops. Because my fiancé was missing. What my eyes saw was our fight. Followed up with my messages being ignored. Your phone turned off. 4 am come around. The sun start to come up. And after 6 years of always calling and always coming home at the end of every single night, you were nowhere. Missing. And I wished something terrible on you. So I searched for you. And everyone we knew did too because they watched you love me every single night for 6 years.

All your anger made sense to me when Nathan messaged me and I finally confronted you about where you had been - when I found out that you weren't missing. You had already been talking to a boy behind my back, and after our fight that night you left and gave him your dads helmet, put him on the back of your motorcycle with his arms around your waste, and rode all the way to Lincoln with another boy holding onto you, loving you, taking my place.

When you finally could no longer use the same lies you told me at first, that you didn't know him or that you just met him that night - when I was finally face to face with you and all the evidence of what you had done, you didn't even say you were sorry. In fact you looked at me with disgust and anger and you said something I will forever try to forget : 

"This is your fault. You did this. You didn't make me feel loved."

That took my breath away and broke a piece of my heart right off, like a chip missing from a piece of glass. I couldn't believe that. That's when I realized everything he said was true, so true that while you were telling him we were married for 10 years but I was only in it for the money and that I didn't care about you - you started to believe it yourself. I had already begun hiding from the world in my room because of the chaos that was constantly in and out of the house - but I had never stopped loving you. Caring for you. In fact even though I got lost in all my projects, my business design,  and my online gift shopping for you - I was only passing time looking forward to every minute I would always get to spend with you - at night when you would come visit me in our room. The fact is I was still scared to get on a bike with you, because my best friend died that way. So you found another boy who was willing to ride with you. All the while telling me you love me multiple times a day - smiling at me whenever I said it to you first. Making love to me for hours and days. I never made you feel unloved or uncared for. Maybe a little lonely on your riding ventures at times - but not unloved when all I did was give you gifts, have sex for hours, and always made sure to tell you iloveyou every single time you left home. But you told that boy that - and somehow you believed you're own story.  And at that time - I believed you. I fought you about it but inside, I believed it really was all my fault. 

That was when I began to lock the door - locking myself away in my room. I searched my mind and my heart to find the answer on how to "make you feel loved". I couldn't find one, looking back it's because that wasn't true at all, it was just that you had looked for love elsewhere. I’ll never understand why my love and loyalty wasn’t enough.  This was never about me lacking in attempts to love you. But I did everything I could. I bought more expensive and gifts, supported your business, bought you supplies such as wood, tools, websites. Everything you needed to succeed in the business you were determined to open. All the while just trying to understand what I had done so wrong to make you see me worth so little that you wouldn’t even talk to me about how you were feeling , you would just see me deserving of the deceit and lies I was young and dumb for ever believing. I had done nothing. Nothing to make you feel less loved. Nothing to deserve your unfaithfulness. I was always happy with you - if you were ever unhappy with me I would have hoped to be the first to know so that I could fix everything about myself and my environment. To be a better me for you. 

 But I wasn’t the first to know.

My best friend was. The same boy I begged for you to not bring around. We were smoking the drug we had saved him from. You were selling ounces of it no matter how many times I cried for you to stop. Your friends were destroying our house and you refused to help me make them stop.  

But just like the story you told that boy and everyone who saw you with him, that I deserved what you were doing because I turned into an angry mean monster who had locked himself away - you believed every word you continued to say about me. If we’re being honest, some of the things you said were true, I was angry and I did lock myself away - but what you excluded from your story was every reason I had grown that way. The insanity you had allowed into the place I was trying to turn into a home, the nights of tears and screams from inside of me as I begged you to stop selling the drugs that were destroying everything we were supposed to be - to make everyone who was involved in that life leave. So we could be alone. All I ever wanted was to be alone with you. Alone to detox. Alone to heal. Alone to love. Alone to trust. Alone to hold eachother until we were strong enough to help eachother back up. 

You never spoke a word in any of your tales of the nights I spoke my love for you and you repayed me by leaving me lonely. You never told anyone that we were living on a generator because when I would beg to talk about the electric bill you would say “if you keep talking about bills I will punch you in the fucking face”.  You literally said those words to me, but left them out of the story you shared with the world. The world began to pity you, to feel so bad for the story you fed them that they eventually found me deserving of every horrible thing they lay witness of you doing to me. The boys. The lies. The threats. The broken glass. The bruises. The broken ribs. The cries. In their eyes - I deserved everything I got from you. Your stories painted me out the villain. Stories I never new you wrote. Until I saw what they made people willing to do, even my best friend. 

The stories you told him - I will never truly know. What is clear to see, that by the time he heard the last one he thought so low of me that he found me deserving of his own lies, sleeping with my husband behind my back, taking him for himself for the many days I lay crying and begging you to stay, and even saw me in the end worthy of plot he made to run away with you. Leaving me alone in the crack house filled with bums - what was left of our home.

The night I finally realized what you’d done, was the night you drove away and left me standing in the street. 

Before the sun had come up that morning, you made your way to our bedroom and had sex with me. Told me to pack my bags because you needed to leave town for Florida’s sunny shores, but first you had to leave to get some things. I did as you asked and packed my bags. When the sun set that night you suddenly messaged me to say it wasn’t me you were going to leave with. When you arrived with him in the passenger seat, the boy who used to claim me his best friend. I looked at him and said “Why are you with me husband, he was just sleeping with me this morning, for god sakes we even had sex.” Thats the moment that I saw the cover of every story you had told. That boy looked confused and then you’re face turned from anger to looking at me like I was the liar you had been painting me out to be. You told me I was crazy, that it wasn’t true. That you hadn’t been intimate with me. Even though we both know everytime you came back home that intimate was the first thing we became. The second that boys face turned to question you, was the very second you chose to drive away. As if that didn’t kill me enough, you came back a few minutes later alone. Sent me text messages from the driveway - things I couldn’t believe I had to read. You were asking me how much cash I had on hand and offering to leave him here alone and to run away with me. Only if I could prove I had more money available to leave. Sometimes I wish I would have showed you my bank back then, left the boy you used to hurt me to suffer everything I was forced to endure when you chose to leave me lonely because a 10 day bank transfer was the only thing I offered you. 

You left me alone to rot in the trash ridden home filled with every crackhead that you knew - without a second thought. That’s how much you believed the lies that you had filled the stories you had spent so long telling everyone who thought you were doing me any wrong.

I deserved that in your mind. Every rotten thing I went through.

The reality is all I ever did was love you. Take care of your home until the trash was piling higher than I could reach. Forgive you for your infidelity. Hold onto the love you used to give to me to give me the hope for a better life with you. 

I came out of my room after crying and sleeping for days without food. I forced every crackhead you ever invited to stay- out of our home for good. I put myself back together. Built myself back into exactly what I knew I was. By the time I had filled 2 dumpsters and 2 dump trucks with all the garbage you and your friends had left behind - the home was clean, I was beautiful, the kittens were loved and healthy once again.

I did it all on my own. 

To end this review of how we have gotten to this point - no matter how many times I cried or begged for your help, how many lies or times you cheated on me, no matter the sick stories you had slandered my name to tell - when I finally stood strong with every oz of beauty and grace I fought to save, I still chose to love you. To see you. To speak no ill to your name. The only negativity I ever wrote on you, was every detail you had left out in the stories you had whispered to the world about me. The reasons I had become angry, sad, a recluse in my own home.

In the end I never deserved what I suffered because it was never a consequence from something I had done. In the end it was always about the stories that you told to hide what you had done to me. 

In the end my best friend still looks at me and laughs when tears are running down my face. When I beg him to leave my home so we can fix what we broke he grins because he still believes every story he was told. The boy who once envied me, was always honest, and had a heart for everyone to see - still looks at me to this day like I deserve every bruise and broken rib you give me when I’m begging you not to leave. 

For him to look at me the way he does - to laugh the way he does - to smile at the the pain he sees in my eyes - I can’t even begin to imagine what stories he was told. I’m a monster to him. The most disgusting person on this earth. Stories you told him. Lies you have made him to believe. 

That boy loved me once. Sometimes I believe maybe even more than you loved me. Almost as much as iloveyou. As much as I have always loved you. I never stopped loving you - I gave every ounce of love I had to you. Every time you hurt me - I only ever chose to love you more. 

That’s the story everyone should have been told. Because that is the truth that I have lived. That is the story you hid from everyone when you spread the one you wanted them to believe. 




The truth is I was never the monster. Everyone knows it now - when you left and I finally came down from my room for the world to see. It was clear exactly what I was. What I have always been. Every lie you told about me - to hide what you had done. 

I am kind. I am loving. I am loyal. I am trusting. I am worthy of the same love that I have given you.

Someday you will stop reading your own stories and be left to face the reality that we have lived. 
Everything I have done was to prove to the world how much I loved you - & now the world has no choice but to see the monster that it believed.


🌱Summertime is looking busy busy at the salon !!! I’ve already spent time with some beautiful girls so far. Here just a few things I’ve been working on lately!

🙏I’ve been having the best time helping these lovelies find their next hair transformation. 💇

Feel free to contact me here on Facebook to set up an appointment !! Or to talk about some ideas you may have about your next color/cut/style 💫

——————————————————

🌺NEW SUMMER SPECIALS
COMING SOON !!!🌺

I can’t wait to see you !! ✌️😘

Life😻Update:

In the midst of the countless hours working on this little project of bae’s and I, I had to step away from the salon for a little while. As life has been calming down lately, I have finally gotten to a place where I am ready to put my all into this baby.🌺

💕I am so excited to tell everyone that not only will I be back doing hair full-time, but I have taken on the position as the new Manager at Brash Salon.

✅So head on over to my little hair page, show some love, follow me on this new journey, and feel free to message me anytime. 
        Christian Anthony at Brash Salon
Let’s talk about some hair, you know you’ve been feeling a change lately. Fresh colors, cuts, events, waxing, and conversation; I do it all. 💇‍♀️

I can’t wait to see you🌹✌️😘🌹
Image


It’s another absolutely beautiful & productive Summer afternoon☀️🌹

💫Could really use all the positive energy you can send my way today💫

💪I’ve been working working working on quite the project that we were blessed with recently. If I’ve been terrible at responding or seem a little distant, I promise I haven’t forgotten about you. Im just pushing through these last weeks of Summer. Once the legalities are finalized, life will be a lot more peaceful and I can finally share with you what has taken the last 3 months of my life over.

Thank you to all my friends, followers, and clients at the salon for sticking through this with me. I can not tell you enough how much I appreciate you.💕🙏

❤️☺️❤️

I just need to vent for a minute.
Please stick with me. 🕊

The one lesson I keep learning over and over again, but keep hoping is going to change, is that when life hits you with a rocky road, people disappear. I thank god every day that I have my life partner, because he’s about the only permanent friend I’ve found in this world.

Life has thrown more stones our way recently than it has in years. We’re pushing through it, but sometimes it’s hard when you don’t know where you’re heading. The only thing I’ve ever expected from the people in my life is loyalty, I thought we had found it. I thought we had made friends for life. One final curveball and suddenly I’m standing in an empty field.

They watched as I fell, but now I’m trying to pick myself back off the ground and there’s nobody around.

Just know that when I’m back standing on my own two feet, I’ll never forget who walked away when we needed them the most. 

Actions speak volumes.

That’s all I needed to say. Thank you🥀

Sorry to blow up your spot ya sick crisco covered gaping hole of a human,but we gonna play a little game today.

Sorry ma, sorry world, but somebody done killed that “I wanna heal the world” soul I’ve been lugging around all these years. 🫀Blood inside these veins runs pure bred Scorpio. The one that lives inside of the creature I’ve been carved into has been itching for a fight - and now it’s scratching at the surface..

💅🏽Boy, and you know who you are 🖕🏽- you have 5 hours to bring back what has always been mine👄 - or pay the price for backing the wrong bitch into right corner.

You wanted to play with the baddest, let me see you try to keep up. 🦂 Bet my stingers just a little longer and my poisons just a little stronger than yours 🧪

Hey Josiah,

Come out - come out - wherever you are 💋

I can't believe that someone would maliciously defile the beautiful thing that used to be my life. 

I’m sorry Josiah. I warned you. 

Most of you don’t know this person. For those that do, make sure he gets this message in it’s entirety. 

[DISCLAIMER: Some of you are going to read this with a jaw dropping expression of disbelief that the person you all know as me, would dare say such grunge over social media, would ever plaster someone's wrong doings for the world to see..]

But I am hurting,
I am withered.
I am bruised.

People that I have given everything I had to, have torn me into pieces.

Pieces I am  putting back together for the last fucking time.

Mocked, ridiculed, shamed, and forced to accept realities of deception, heart ache, recklessness, malicious intent, and choices of addiction over love. Realities I never in a thousand years would have believed to be possibilities in what I used to refer to as my beautifull life.

In order to see the progression, you had to have seen the problem. Allow me to show you.

For once I will not hide the hurt someone has caused me. For once the light gets to shine on someone who chose to cast me as the victim in their narrative

____________________________

<Let it be known that nothing I have included in this post was meant to slander anyone in any form, but are mere personal opinions based on known facts. Every single word I have written is of full honesty and all evidence of any accusations has been documented for proof  of the truth contained in my words.>

______________________________

For once what I have always filtered down to be "This Beautiful Life of Mine", gets to be seen for what it is..

In the end, it comes down to this.

* I hid in my room.
* I said mean things to someone I love.

I need no excuse. I made stupid life choices this year, and I am and have been accepting the responsibility of the cost of each one. 

I was selfish,
I disappeared to my room because I blamed the world for the chaos of my life.
I let myself hold grudges,
be mad, 
Said some really mean things I never meant in moments of emotional chaos that unfaithfulness brought to the table.

I never deserved the hatred that has been burned into my heart.

I have had a really hard year. I lost my Grandpa this year to Covid-19. I nearly lost my father. Both of whom i took for granted. People have lied to me, ones who called themselves "friend" have stolen more than I could afford to lose, most people I was surrounded with continuously disrespected me and trashed the home I have made. 

I have been left to feel unworthy of love, of honesty, and deserving of pain from one I have only ever given love to.

So I hid in my room.
I said mean things to someone I love.

Does that mark me worthy of being lied to?
mocked?
ridiculed?
left lonely for days on end as if I never existed at all.
________________________

Some people will say its an "Eye for an Eye".
Others will say its unnecessary revenge.

The truth?

You decide.
____________________________________________
Call this one,

" Beauty Lost: Life of Mine".
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Raw. True. Unfiltered. Fucked Up.
Welcome to my world..

[So.... Josiah,] 

Lets roll back the clock... to when you first entered into my world 2-3 years ago, before the world turned cold.

My partner and I had befriended you but didn't know your story. What we did know was that you were a boy like me, feminine in personality, total boy inside, and you attempted makeup as a daily routine.  You told us you were from a very small town with very limited resources. I knew that meant that there wasn't much chance at all  for you to truly grow into the person I thought you to be. 

Your home life was a sad story of its own, but the shadow of myself that I saw in you told me you were destined for something bigger than the "population zero" town you had been living in. Omaha would be a step in a bigger and hopefully a brighter direction for you. So we loaded up the car and after driving 5 hours to the middle of nowhere, we picked you up. We had made the decision to allow you into our life, holding high hopes of giving you the space you needed to stretch the wings you so clearly wanted. To my surprise you were very anxious, erratic almost. But you were young, we were strangers, this whole situation was abnormal to say the least. I suppose my nerves would have gotten to me too,  leaving it all behind to start a new  life in the city with people who had essentially been modern day Pen Pals just minutes before.

I made the mental decision that day to clear any doubts I had of letting someone into our life by reminding myself that this was doing good for someone who deserved it. That it was okay for us to offer this because we were okay enough to offer a home to someone who had none. Great times followed, some sad times, some moments of holding each other through tears from sharing sad memories with one another of the lives we lived . Since my partner worked full time and I had just graduated Cosmetology School, we spent the most time together out all of us - you and I. Hell I spent more time with you than my own lover most days.

You very quickly became my Best Friend.

Always thankful, genuine in your gratitude. There’s always one specific moment I'll never forget, a moment my family still brings up at family get togethers - the memory of a fall day spent raking leaves together. My grandparents, my brother, my mom, my loving partner, and I .. & you. A Simple task that suddenly brought you to tears, and left you posing a question to us that I'll remember for my entire life..

"Is this what it's like to have a family?"

We were all like family at that time, weren't we?

I felt very grateful to have been given the opportunity to share my family with you. The same as I shared my home, my food, everything I possessed I shared with you. In return you truly were the friend I needed. I was more than happy to provide the space to help you begin to convert your small town life into your big city dreams.

Eventually my partner got you a starter job downtown at a pizza shop, the one you are now managing on your own.
Proud of you for taking those wings and running full speed is something I have always felt.

 For as much as you told me time and time again how I was a blessing in your life, you blessed mine just the same.

Fast forward 2 years, it's now COVID's world.

My anxiety has been egged on constantly for months now with  bombarding advertisements for Self Quarantine, Airborne= 6 ft Social Distancing, Stay Home Save Lives, etc. {Note: There is a large narrative that we will not go into detail of..] but amongst choices I had made, some new found "friends" whom my fiancé chose to keep around, my struggle with codependency and always supporting any decision that were mad in effort too keep the love of my life happy ..

I was ashamed of the small person I had allowed myself to become. Ashamed of how easy I had been to walk all over.
I was ashamed of certain components of my life.
Ashamed of the battles I was fighting every day to win, that I never truly won. 

So eventually, I secluded myself. Locked myself away into the one space I knew I had control over, my home. More specifically the large bedroom I share with the man whom I have built this life with over the last 8 years.

Upon submerging myself into the chaos I intended to gain control over, eventually I lost myself completely, I pushed everyone that mattered to me away.
Family.
Friends.
Even you, Josiah. 
Everyone.

Sadly I unknowingly began causing distance between myself and the man that has held my heart for nearly 8 years now.

I had left my body to a shell of its former self, the me that each and every one of you know wholeheartedly as a strong, loving, kind, hopeful, and generous individual - came to know only sadness, disarray, confusion, betrayal, and spite.

Hopelessness became my only friend.

Sadly, I never saw it, the change I was going through. It happened so slowly to me that I looked at myself as just another member of the "Stay Home Save Lives” Gang.
The reality was, I had allowed my fire to fizzle - the powerful creature I was had slowly morphed into a lonely hermit.

After a year that had already left my spirit exhausted, a painful blow came to me, one that I never thought would ever be my burden to bare.

An ache caused by combination of my suddenly distant soul and a moment of weakness from my protector.
I was left once again to question the invaluable price I had once placed on my own heart.

As we always do, we persevered, shot straight through the problem and eventually my heart was able to forgive and i could begin to heal. Now, I am but 6 months into the recovery process of mending my own heart and only 3 weeks into regaining control over my mind, body and spirit.

I am having to Undo what I have spent almost 2 years now, doing to myself.

I am having to relearn social norms, body languages, simple daily conversation - because I have spent more time alone or solely with my fiancé, than with anything that resembles friends, coworkers, even family.

It's not been easy for a boy with social anxiety to revert back to being social., but I am doing it for me and I am doing it because the man I love deserves to be with the person he asked to marry, so finding all the pieces of that person is exactly what I have been doing.
Puzzles, however, take time to complete.

Somewhere in between being my best friend and secluding within my own mind,
I must have erased the memory of the moment I earned hatred, pain, heartache, deceit, chaos, and loneliness, especially from you - Josiah. I keep trying to trace my memories for what terrible unforgivable thing I have done to you to deserve anything but the love friendship and generosity I have given you for all this time.

You should never have accepted the sweet honey from my loving hands if you couldn't stomach the boiling poison that I promised you would one day fill your gut if you ever returned my kind hearted ways with deceit or betrayal.

So forgive me for being blunt, but if it's eye for an eye we're playing here - I believe you're supposed to wait for me to send nudes to your fiancé before you send any to mine..

See I just don't think this game you have chosen to play with me is very fair, after all you don't have a fiancé, or even a boyfriend - that I can sext messages to begging him to come sleep with me in my bed, while he's sleeping next to you.

In fact if that is the game you have chosen to challenge me to, you first need to gain a long term relationship, engagement status of 4 years, loyalty and commitment of 8 years, purchase a home with said person, and begin a family of your own (minimum of 8 fur babies required).

You see, Josiah, unfortunately you have chosen to challenge me to a game for which you do not have the credentials nor meet the qualifications to play with me.

In life, we choose every day to either stand strong for ourselves or we choose to let other shape our destiny for us.

If I offer myself completely to you, friend lover or otherwise - then you agree to my one and only demand of transparent honesty.

-Trust-

I give you loyalty, respect, faith, any and everything you ask.
I only ask for trust. Without trust, after all, what do we have?

Relationships don't survive without it,
friendships rely on it,
hell even strangers give it to each other.

So if I can't trust you, we aren't friends,
acquaintances,
lovers,
we aren't even strangers.
We’re nothing.

And if you have proven yourself to be worthy of nothing to someone who has seen worth in even the most foul of creatures..

than FUCK the respect of keeping your shame from the worlds eyes.

(As I said before, some of you are going to read this with a jaw dropping expression of disbelief that the person you all know as me, would dare say such grunge over social media, would ever plaster someone's wrong doings for the world to judge...)

The tender heart I have always been tells me to forgive and forget,

the soul that has endured the pain inflicted by every person I have let into my life this year, tells me to grow some thorns or leave the fucking Rose bush.

Devil on left and angel to my right.

(If words offend you stop reading here)

How dare you.

How. Fucking. Dare. You.

How dare you attempt to litter the relationship I have given the last 8 years of my life to, with disgusting photos of your used body. 

How dare you crawl behind the back that once stood  strong to carry you through this world, to leave your rotten whispers in the ear of the man I have held for 8 years,  begging him to leave me lonely for you and the soiled bed you lie in.

How dare you even contemplate tempting the man who has praised my body, mind & soul since you were still in high school.

For years while I continued every single day to prove my loyalty and love, I remained consistent in my devotion to my partner.

During those same years, the rotten tongue you have so quickly offered to pleasure my husband with, and the gaping hole of a body  that tongue is attached to, was being ridden with infection from the countless men you allowed to deposit themselves into you. 
^ & I do mean MEN, not boys your own age.

While I was cooking, cleaning, loving, and supporting my husband, you were cooked, cleaned, loved, and bent over for everyone else's - and now you dare to attempt destroying the love that I have fought this  entire world for years to keep pure?

I have never wronged you, you have only ever benefited from my existence, and now you wish your toxic bowels to seep into the place I call home.

-You are a sick twisted little toy-

& you need to remember this for as long as you live,

-that is the ONLY thing you will ever be-

I pity what you have chosen to devote your time to.
I pity the creature you have become.
I pity whatever poor man falls victim to your grease box next.

I pity you & your rot-filled body.

For years I spent  being a true an honest friend of yours. I offered you my home, my life, my family, my love, my trust.. 

as well as being the only fool to find you worthy of a helping hand, leaving me as the only reason you aren't still living in the crack den we picked you up from or the jail cell the family you lived with was left to rot in after being raided mere weeks after taking you away and giving you a new place to call home.

The place that I shared with my  loving partner. 

It was our home,
my home...

My life,
my heart,
my mind
 Everything hurts right now.

I'm healing,
I'm teaching myself how to separate myself from people who have caused me pain.

I'm getting there. One step at a time.

Some of these days, are going to be uglier than I hoped for, and it is for this reason have written this Novel of a post.

I don't regret a single word I have shared today, for it's all truth.

I only allow things onto my social media that I find deserving of someone's time, if it's been allowed into the worlds view, then trust that I have said exactly what I intended to. For 8 hours I have sat off and on, editing, re-typing, not posting this message. Truth be told I was going to share this the other day. But the caring soul I have realized it was your birthday Josiah. My husband dissapeared with you that night too. 

I am sorry if anyone has found this post offensive. 

But I am hurting,
I am withered.
I am bruised.

and I am done allowing people to tatter the pages of my life.

Josiah,  if you were ever genuine in the friendship we shared. You will see that my husband is sick. He isn’t well. And you know the love I am capable of giving to someone. Especially that man. 

Josiah bring him home where he can heal. Where’s I can tend to him.   Please stop ruining my life. It’s the least I deserve for saving your so long ago. My love, my soul mate, bring back the love of my life. And then leave.  Forever

No matter how much pain you have caused me to feel, I hope nobody ever destroys you the way you have destroyed me.

🎉So a huge Happy Birthday to this extraordinary human being. Josiah, you’ve been a huge part of my life this past year, and I think it’s safe to say we’ve both become just a little bit better because of it.

You truly deserve all the love in the world✌️😘 

🎁🌹Happy Birthday you beautiful soul🌹🎁
Image

✌️May you forever think about this post before publicly shaming someone again.

🤦‍♂️Okay, so since home girl here wanted to respond to me by ignoring the actual point of my comment and then continuing to freak out on me because apparently I’m a terrible person for my “you come across as an asshole” comment, & then block me completely..  

Let me just have this conversation with y’all and hopefully someone can shove this up her inbox ✌️

I get message after message on all of my social media accounts from men, women, and everyone inbetween.  🐵Most times I’m getting compliments or people wanting to get to know me. 🙊Sometimes I deal with some people that are a little more vulgar in their approach, saying things that I simply just don’t respond to. 🙈Some guys send dirty pictures, and some guys send sexual or uncomfortable messages. Whatever the case, I either make a new aquantaince or add a new member to the “blocked” list. 

🤷‍♂️Now, you can’t see her response to my comment because she legit blocked me immediately after she posted it, but what she came to say to me was that her inbox is constantly full of messages from men & that she finds it extremely disrespectful for a guy to message her when her Instagram profile clearly states her sexuality... So practically no man should ever message a lesbian.. or a “lesbian asexual” as she calls herself.

Okay. Cool. Weird thought process, but I get it.. 

What I have a problem with, is that she is going to try to publicly shame someone that she doesn’t know, and label him as a “creep” over a message he sent her simply telling her that she was BEAUTIFUL.  She responds to him telling him her sexual preference, I guess everybody starts conversations differently 🤷‍♂️. He even responds to her harsh attitude just to ask her what she does for a living, but instead of making the decision to either respond or just ignore the message, she calls him a weirdo, screenshots the message and the publicly blasts him as a creep for attempting to compliment her and start a conversation. 

Maybe he was a creep. Maybe he wasn’t at all. But now you’ll never know, because you didn’t give him a chance. Instead you look like a judgmental little girl. All of this coming from someone in a community that is fighting to have the world stop judging them. 

So dear Simone Garber, I never called you an asshole. I just said you most definitely came across as one. Your own attention seeking Facebook post made that very apparent today. You will definitely not be missed on my friends list ✌️

Thanks for doing the blocking for me 💕 

🌹All love here girl 😘

Long story I’ll share with everyone later tonight… please share this with anyone who may be able to help me. 

I trusted a friend to help pay the way down to a new life in Florida, after having my car totaled and losing my only means of making money - this person left me stranded with 3 beautiful fur babies, no car and has taken the only money I had left to survive on.

I have nothing left to my name - not a penny to get a room or a rental car home. I’ve been left sitting here in the rain with my 3 cats and nowhere to go. If anyone can help me, I’d appreciate it more than you know. Im lucky enough to be alive as it is, any thing anyone else can do would just be a blessing. Hotel rooms, cash, or a kind message. Anything helps. Thank you and I’m sorry for having to ask. 

Money can be sent through CashApp to $tuckHereChristian or contact my mom to find another way. 

https://cash.app/$tuckHereChristian

Or you can send any help on GooglePay to (402) 506-0252 or baebebeautykilledme@gmail.com

Thank you all.  I swear I’ll never ask of this again.

You were mine - I was yours.

Until he came and twisted you into
something he could use to
cure his envy & break
the heart that
beat for me
inside of
you. 

You were mine - I was yours.

He was heartless enough to
bleed me of the the only
love that had been
keeping me
alive. 
🥀

I was yours - You were mine.


                               💗💕💗
            ‘How is it so easy for you to be
                kind to people?’ he asked. 
                                   🍯
       Milk and honey dripped from my lips
                           as I answered,
                               🕊🔪🕊
  ‘Because people have not been kind to me.’

I don’t embarrass myself. I don’t choose to breakdown so I can look like a fool to everyone else. I choose to be good to you until you e been so bad to me that I let just a piece of how you treat me slip. And just a taste of it handed back your way makes you go insane and leaves me with all the blame. “Shut the fuck up” “I’m done doing this” “I will embarrass you in front of everyone” “I will beat the shit out of you” You are supposed to be the only one I can rely on to never leave me broken down. But you always choose to be the one who threatens to tear me down. 

When did you become so heartless and when did you start choosing to be sick enough to tell me you love me and do everything you can to make sure I’m left alone repeating every word you said that made me feel like an idiot for believing you would ever care. 

You’re done doing this - but you’re the only one doing this … So you’re not done doing this.  But I’m done letting you do this to me when you told me you would love me like I deserved.

I feel alone in this world. Every single day. Why that doesn’t matter to you or affect the choices you make - I’ll never understand.  And I’m giving up trying to pretend there will ever be enough that I could do to deserve being treated like I used to. Like I really was the most important thing that would always matter most to you. 

Life isn’t fair - but what I’ve been left to feel - this is a torture I never will deserve. Asking you to treat me right shouldn’t leave me threatened to be embarrassed, put in jail, or beat up in front of everyone who never cared. 


If loving me is too hard - then I’m sorry you can’t even love someone who keeps giving it to you for free. 


The world we need
                 won’t be built by men
             loyal to the world we have.
                             🕊🌱🕊
     We are going to leave the world better
                      than we found it.
                                  👑
                That is what makes us
                 true Kings & Queens.
•
•
{Told you this hair was ready for a change🧚‍♂️}


                            🖤🔮🖤
           Keep a keen eye out for those who
               will dance with you in the rain,
                for they will be the ones who
             walk with you through the storm.
                                🕶🔪🕶
  But watch who watches you from the stands,
        because your biggest enemies will be
             disguised as your biggest fans.
                                🔮👁‍🗨🔮
          Follow your dream. Watch your back.


📦🤦‍♂️📦
Supposed to be packing this house up,
definitely sitting here distracted
by selfies I’ve never posted
🤷‍♂️📸✌️


“Find out who you are and be that person. That’s what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth, and everything else will come.” -Ellen DeGeneres

❤️🧡💛💚💙💜

Now that the festivities are coming to a close, I just want to send a huge thank you to everyone that shared this years Pride with me.

I felt all the love, all the support, and most importantly I felt all the acceptance.

This world truly is a beautiful place. To be surrounded with so many colorful and pure souls this weekend has been a blessing I will forever remember. 

Happy 50th Anniversary of Stonewall
&
Happy Pride everyone.

Til next year ✌️💋


This is truly one of the most powerful things I’ve seen at a Pride festival. Watch til the end, you’ll see why. 

The LGBT community and all of the allies standing behind us, is a true force to be reckoned with.

We only have only one goal, to spread LOVE & ACCEPTANCE, & I will never understand those few willing to stand and spew their ignorance and hatred onto us while paraphrasing a book written 3,400 years ago.

“We are warriors, that’s what we’ve become.”

❤️🧡💛💚💙💜

🌹✌️Happy Pride everyone✌️🌹


You taught me how to love; you taught me how to live; you taught me how to laugh; you taught me how to cry, but when you left, you forgot to teach me how to forget you.


Friday August 20, 2021
My Video Diary Transcribed:

These last two years have been crazy. What started off as a blessing that we were inheriting - turned out to be what has made me lose about everything.

I am grateful for my life, for my freedom, for these cats, and somehow I am still grateful for Deacon.  What happens in the world outside of this house is not my business.  I have no part in it.  And those who chose to make me a victim of circumstance - did not (leave me in their well??).

I have suffered so much for two years that I don’t get back, because of one drug - and because of so many peoples’ addictions, including my own.  But none of it matters anymore.  What happened, happened.  What people did, that’s on them.

Let me break down what all of this has here to - this addiction, this drug, is so strong I watched people live for 2 years in paranoia and fear just to have it. I’ll tell you one thing, it’s not worth it.  Everything - that’s the price you pay. Your things, your home, your peace, your mental health.  As a friend once told me, at the very beginning, “be careful with this - it lets the darkness in.”  I thought she meant something spiritual - that’s not what she meant.  I think she meant it takes your light away and you can’t fill that hole.  My life has always been crazy, but it was what they call a ‘beautiful disaster’ - and I have let it take all of the beautiful things away.  When Deacon came back he made a promise to me, if I could just sit and be patient he would make me the happiest person in the world because he loved me.  I didn’t have that, patience - or love.  I used to…  but I learned how to sit and wait - I think that’s what patience is.  I learned not to blame the people around you for the life that you’re living.  So far that’s as close to love as I’ve been able to find.

I hated Dan, I hated Allie, I was mad at Ramone and Ruben annoyed me sometimes.  In the end - no matter how mean, how many times I told them to go away, when I was alone they forgave me and they came to help me.  The last 3 days I sat here with Dan and Allie and I gave them an honest chance, because they didn’t deserve my anger, how I treated them and I blamed them.  So when they finally got a chance, a chance to see me - they did.

Anyways, we all agreed something was going on.  We didn’t know what but something wasn’t adding up.  Dan’s best friend Seth just got out of jail and showed up here looking for him, Gina dropped off the stuff I had in her fridge and messaged me “Keep in touch”, and B was acting weird - Ruben too.  Who’s acting weird and who’s just, as Ramone would say, “smoked out”?  I don’t know. What I know is that between the people that have taken care of me - everything’s out, everything’s gone - and I have nothing to worry about.

Before the sun came up a couple days ago, B came over and made sure to tell me, to remind me, that we’re good friends and that’s what we are.  Then he apologized to me and said, “you’ve been a really good friend to me, I should be doing more for you.”  I just looked at him and said, ‘You do more for me than a lot of people do. Why did you say that?”  He just said, “No, you’ve been a really good friend.”

Dan and Allie leave to go on a mission, to help suffice some of our addictions.  Dan comes back alone, says Allie’s roommate Ryan had found them and told Allie to get out of the car, and continues to tell a story about how he had gotten pulled over by some undercover agents.  Whether this is true I don’t know know, because I don’t know Ryan.  Said that they asked him if he knew Dan and if he knew Deacon, what the story was with the red Jeep.  Funny thing is there is no story.  It’s just a Jeep that he had to move, Ryan that is, he owned it and he didn’t wanna deal with it so he gave it to Deacon on an IOU.  Deacon tried to get it going.  Whether he ran out of patience or finances I don’t know, I don’t remember - but he gave - sold it - to somebody I don’t know.  So whether that’s true that they were asking about it - I don’t know.  I don’t know why they would.  What I do know is Dan left with Allie, came back without her, then left again - said she had been waiting at the gas station on 13th Street when she found him again - they both came back. Dan fell asleep.  Allie helped me finish the kitchen, cleaning it, putting things where they go and then sat in my room with me.  We talked about alot - and about the notebook.  And then I laid down and started falling asleep and she said “Do you want me to wake you up if you fall asleep and we leave?”  I said, ‘yeah’.  I don’t know how long it was but I can only think it was maybe a half hour that had gone by - and Allie’s waking me up and says “Christian, you have to get up, you have to answer the door - it’s the police.”  I had just fallen asleep - just fallen asleep.  I got up, walked into the kitchen and there is - I couldn’t even tell you, maybe 15, total around my yard - U.S. Marshalls.  And a lesbian, I’m assuming, - I shouldn’t do that.. a woman, more on the masculine side, woman - tall skinny blonde, light skinned pretty skinny- blonde, not like platinum but yellow and short hair. She just had these very distinct looks almost as if she was on like hormones or transitioning, voice lower than a woman’s - not yet a man’s and she just, I heard her saying, “Alicia!”  When I came around the corner they said “Hey kid, send Alicia out here!”  I said, ‘Who?”  She said, “Allie”.  I turn and I looked at Allie and I said “They have the door propped wide open and my cats are gonna get out - please go.”  And she shook her head.  They said, “We’re sending one out, Come this way.”  and they pointed me down to the only man in the whole barrage that didn’t have a gun.  He asked me my name and I told it, and then I asked what was going on. He said, “she has a warrant.” I said “For what?”  He said, “I don’t know, it’s not our warrant.”  I don’t understand things because I don’t - I keep myself away. They kept hollering for her, maybe 4 minutes later she finally came out.  Maybe they did, maybe they didn’t but I didn’t hear them say anything to her - but she came out empty handed just turned around and they put cuffs on her - and they walked away. Then they looked at me and said “We got her, you can go back in now.”  I was gonna go inside right away, then I stopped and I looked at Allie and I said “do you need me to do anything for you?”  She said no.  And then I looked back up and she was mouthing the words to me “please” and one the Marshals came up to me and said “She wants your number.”   Okay.  So I gave it to her - to the Marshal.  
I just got a brand new phone. The only calls on there are from my mom and Gina my best friend.  I’m pretty sure that’s it.  -  10 minutes after they leave, I get a phone call.  I answer it, it’s from a number I don’t know but an asian woman on the phone is saying “Is this Christian Diltz?”  and I said, ‘excuse me?’ and they said “is this Christian Diltz?” and I said “this is him.”  She said something but I couldn’t - I wasn’t sure what she said, so I hung up. I get another phone call from a different number right away but it hangs up before I can answer - so I call it back.  It rings a couple times and then a man answers the phone and said - what I thought I heard the Asian woman say, “The warranty on your 2015 BMW X5 is expired.”  I said ‘what?’  “The warranty on your BMW X5”  - and then they hung up.  There’s always some kind of somebody trying to get money over off of somebody - that’s what they do, scammers.  So I just put my phone down - but I looked at Dan and I said, ‘you know what’s weird?’  Dan goes, “that that sounded alot like Dustin?”  ‘Yeah.’  Why are they calling about my car that I don’t have?  I’ve never owned a BMW, atleast not yet. Whatever, we had so many other things to talk about - so we did.

Fast forward to today.  Deacon was supposed to be home yesterday.  I woke up at midnight just as he was coming in.  He came in, said “I missed you.” He gave me a gift and then we spent some time together that we both needed  -  and then I told him everything, because I knew that I had to.  I don’t lie to him.  He didn’t believe me - and I knew it because of his lies.  He looked at me like I was a snake - when all I was doing was telling him what I had been through.  I told him about the phone call - he started getting paranoid.  I said ‘for what? You’re just like me.  What goes on in the world around us, is not our fault.”  He thought so - enough to make me leave. So we go to go on our walk, and he hears car pull up and he said “Who’s that?”  I said ‘that’s Alex’s car.”  So we go outside and go around the corner of the house - “What kind of car did you say they asked you about when they called?”  ‘a BMW X5..’    … that pulled up in front of our house - right when Alex got home.

So I went on a walk with him and he still didn’t trust me. So he left  -  and I came back and sat at Gina’s.  Watched all the camera’s to see when it left - i didn’t find anything.  I figured whatever, I’ll find it later.  It doesn’t matter anyway - so I walked home.  Instead of coming down the sidewalk something told me to go down the driveway.  So I did.  But when I did, I came around the corner of the house, I saw Alex under an SUV parked inside of my garage. The decals had been removed.   I said ‘What kind of car is that?’

Poetic at my best
That’s all they’ll see me as
Remembered for these subtle words
Never knowing who I am. 

The life I’ve learned to live
Has cut me down to size
I’ll never be what I believed
I was waiting for - just not my time. 

—

And if you see me now
Could you tell me that I’m something more
Or would you watch me drown
And sink down to the ocean floor. 

Forever holding out
Lungs betrayed with dreams of open air. 
Now the suns burned out
As I’m pulled back into the serpents lair. 

—

Voices in my head
Reminding me that’s where they’ll always be
The drugs can’t save me now
Hatred, pain, dismay, anxiety

Fog is rolling in
Thick as thieves in a midnight city
Here comes the water now
It’s sink or swim and I’m not ready

—

So if you see me now
Could you tell me I’m something more
Or would you watch me drown
And sink down to the ocean floor. 

Forever holding out
Lungs betrayed with dreams of open air
Now the suns burned out
As I’m pulled back into the serpents lair.

—

Is this my life
Has the world gone dark
As I’m screaming out 
All I see is black

Something grabs my hand
Pulls me through the storm
Lightening blinds my eyes
Deafened by thunders roar

—

If you see me now
Could you tell me that I’m something more
Or would you watch me drown
And sink down to the ocean floor

Forever holding out
Lungs betrayed with dreams of open air
Now the suns burned out
As I’m pulled back
Into the serpents lair. 


Okay this is your one warning: I am the nicest person in the world, but when I'm sitting here with my fiancé and you're following me around, pulling my shorts up to my thigh, telling me you have a sexual fetish for me and that you've been wanting to be my boyfriend for 3 years when I've only met you once and it was that long ago, and trying to grab on my legs even after I just told you not to touch me.. You're asking to get slapped and have security carry you out of the bar. Don't touch me, hit on me, or even talk to me if you're gonna be a creep. Don't let it happen again, cuz I won't be nice about it next time.. Thanks. <3


Ya know, my mom's a teacher so I've learned to respect my educators. And even though I was told my first day of school that you have some weird vendetta against the boys in Cosmo school I've tried my hardest to believe that you are just being hard on me to help me and push me along. But your snarly attitude and excessive bluntness and quick glares like I'm an idiot who doesn't carry the highest grade average in our class (which I do), are making it extremely hard to even want to come to your class anymore. I'm tired of you looking at me for not doing the homework, even though nobody else did it either. I'm tired of you breathing down my neck because I take some of my hair sculpting tools home so I can PRACTICE. And now on top of it all you want to give me literally twice as many perm bands to do in 1 hour as everyone else. Get lost. I'm over this game.
Don't ask someone to respect you if you aren't going to respect them back. You might be 40 years older than me, but baby I know how the world works too, and I have the thickest skin I know. So keep being a joker to me, cuz I'm still the queen; and one of these days, I'm gonna have enough of it.
#OffWithYourHead

Dear Tina, In 2 hours I will be sleeping and it will be your birthday. So I just wanted to tell you early, happy fucking birthday! In the last 3 months you have been more of a friend to me than I could ever repay you for. I love getting to hangout with you every day for 8 hours at school, and our crazy drunken downtown weekend adventures after aceing our Friday exams will be with me forever. Iloveyou girl, stay classy <3
(p.s. Don't hate me for this ⬆😋)


Today we lost my furry little sister and god gained a beautiful fluffy angel.

We saved her from the humane society to give her the family she didn't have, but little did we know how much like family she would really become.

Iloveyou Jazzmyn
I'll miss you baby girl, rest in peace <3
#tiliseeyouagain
Mobile uploads


The only thing I regret about school is having to leave my life of luxury from the money my fiance was making behind until I graduate, but I didn't realize how hard it was gonna be until I started regretting my choice to finish school. Without money, life's a pile of piss. #ihatethis


Every day is a new adventure at my school, and I'm excited every morning for what the day will bring. I'm surrounded by some of the most supportive people I've ever known when I'm there. I couldn't do what i'm doing without you guys and I'm blessed to call you my friends. I love you guys <3


The day will come when you can finally look in the mirror and say to yourself "I would never want to be anyone else, I love who I am", and believe me it's a feeling nobody can give you but yourself. Keep climbing those mountains, you're almost there <3


Just completely lost it in the car, throwing my arms around, and screaming because there was a lady bug crawling on my hand. Deacon thought it was hilarious.. Am I the only one afraid of these freaky little beasts?? ;(
#fuckingladybugs


💙Be somebody who makes everybody feel like a somebody ♚ We were born to be real, not to be perfect💙


I dont mean to sound like a crazy cat lady, but I die a little inside every time I see a kitten running around outside without a family to live with. Why can't I just keep them all safe in my home..
Stay warm little kitty <3

I've been mistaken for a girl one to many times this week! My God, lol. Okay so just to clear the air, I am a boy with no intention of transitioning into a girl. I love my body and would never want to change it <3
I think i'm going to start designing all my own clothes, and every shirt I wear is going to say "I'm a boy" somewhere on it.. For real though..
#thestruggleisreal


To be honest I feel bad for the protesters, but if I was on my way to somewhere important, like McDonald's, I woulda hit that bitch too. Don't block traffic, blow up your bosses car, but don't get in the way of my car. What did you honestly think was going to happen.. That your boss was gonna be like "Hey I saw you guys blocked 72nd street, here's your pension back..." ? 
Some people's children, I swear..
#idiots
Protesters Hit by Vehicle at 72nd and Dodge


Today confirmed to me that I am on the right track and that beauty school is where I belong. I had thee best client today. She came in with very long blonde hair that had been slightly damaged due to being lightened so many times over the years, and she was ready for a change. So we sat and talked and ended up cutting a lot of her hair off into this new age edgy style haircut with beautiful side swoop bangs and chunky layers throughout, and we colored her entire hair with a deep red-violet. When all was said and done she looked like a completely different person, she was radiating beauty, and the glow from the smile on her face proved to me that I can do this, and I will be amazing at it. I loved every minute I spent with her, and I loved every little change we created in her hair. This is me, I am a creator, I am designer, I am a cosmetologist. I am beauty💜 
(pictures coming soon)


I'd like to start the New Year off by apologizing for anything I may have done wrong within this last year. And to say iloveyou to all of my friends new and old, thanks for standing by my crazy ass. And to my fiancé, I know I'm a little bit of a home body most days and you are this outgoing party monster but I really do appreciate you willing to stay home with me on nights that I'm just not feeling it. My New Years resolution to you is to be more open minded about venturing into the things you would like to do.

2016 for me is going to be all about compromise, strengthening my relationship with my love, and finishing my degree as a Cosmotologist. By the end of this year I hope to be a new person, a better person; a better me 💜


Mom asked me to redo the purple in her hair, so I showed up with pink and sapphire as well 😇
I love what I do, and this right here is the reason why ✨ I can feel,the magic flowing into every color I do. Thanks for letting me play mom 💖💜💙


I like being alone. I have control over my own shit. Therefore, in order to win me over your presence must feel better than my solitude. You aren't competing with another person, you're competing with my comfort zones 💜

For some, life is a trip through the daylight; for others, it's a journey through the night🌙
And in those seamless nights, there is no pain. Time is suspended, all is still. Peace washes over as the stars begin to smile.
💫The universe whispers it's heart beat;💫
 ✨💙✨And suddenly we are one✨💙✨


💙&remember when everything was beautiful and nothing hurt💜


💎I try not to live in the past; but sometimes the past lives in me✨It's just a memory, but the memories won't seem to let go🌹Sometimes memories never fade💎 

#tbt 👑

💜🎶"Pictures of you, pictures of me, reminding us all of what we used to be"🎶💜


One of my favorite teachers husbands has been diagnosed with Stage 3 cancer, she taught me everything I know about cutting hair and would want nothing more than to help her live that happily ever after with the love of her life 💜 Anything helps, please donate if you can🌹
Click here to support Pat's Fighting Chance!!!! by Patrick Jon Small



✨💙✨Twenty years from now I'm going to look back and remember that you were that one person who could turn every frown into a smile with a few simple words; that person who lifted my head when I was losing faith in myself; that one person that accepted every decision I made, that one person who knew who I really was and that one person that made the biggest difference in my life. I used to laugh at everyone talking about their "ride or die" girls, but now I finally understand; we're a team. Whatever you lack, I got you. We will balance each other out. Minor setback? Guess we'll make a major comeback. Bad day? Well I promise you a better night. You need support? I'll be your backbone, I'll keep you motivated and at the top, always. You don't ever have to doubt my loyalty; as long as you got me, I got us. We ride together, we die together and that's just how it is. I found my ride or die, and I wouldn't trade her for the world.👑💜👑
🌙"Here's to nights we won't remember, and people we'll never forget"💎
#rideordie #prettierthanyourbestfriend


✨Thousands of years ago, cats were worshipped as gods😽Cats have never forgotten this 💖and anyone who has ever loved a cat, knows what it is to fall for her magic🔮


✨4 years, and it still feels like your just a phone call away. The list of people you touched in your short time here, is endless. I miss my Reese's Pieces more now than ever. I could always count on your honesty and witty attitude to get me through the never ending trials of life. A simple giggle from you would rid me of any troubles that had come my way. 4 years, and it still feels like your sitting right next to me. I miss you Rhi. More than you would ever know. "God only takes the best", I still haven't figured out why, but it must be true because you were the best. You were perfect in every aspect. Beautiful. Young. Energetic. Sarcastic in the best way. And so filled with life. What I would give to have just one more conversation with you. 4 years, and it still feels like you're just a phone call away. 
Rest in paradise my beautiful golden angel, you are loved more now than ever. "Til I see you again"🌹


✨If you have been brutally broken, but still have the courage to be gentle to others, then you deserve a love deeper than the ocean itself💙


✨🌹"A mother is God in the eyes of a child". A tattoo I will never regret getting. I really am the luckiest boy on earth to have a mother who would give up everything she has for me if I ever needed it. Everybody says it, but this is thee strongest woman I've ever known. If only people really knew what she's been through to be where she is now. Iloveyou mom. Thanks for everything I never appreciated enough, and everything I will strive to appreciate more. If there's one lesson I've learned in this life, it's that "a mother is God in the eyes of a child" 🌹✨
#throwback #mom 
💖 Happy almost Mother's Day 😇


"When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace"
😔Hearts are broken all over the world. Peace be with the 50 men and women who lost their lives in the #Orlando massacre. And to those still fighting for theirs, always remember, #itgetsbetter 🌹 I pray that someday the world will truly understand the meaning of Love❤️

Friends and Family!!! The benefit for my brother starts at 530 tonight and goes until 8. I would love to see you all there!! The event address is on my Facebook page 😇 it's a spaghetti dinner with deserts and it is a FREE WILL donation, we just ask that you give what you can!! Please be there to support my brother as this accident he was involved in did not include a cheap recovery. Anything helps. I'll be there all night.

We also have lots of great RAFFLES going out, (hotel stay, gym membership, beauty products.. Etc) see you there !!!/


I'm trying this whole new "positive thoughts" lifestyle, because of the book I've been reading. Im extremely negative when things don't go my way so this is a lot harder than I expected. So here it goes..

Today was a good day, not everything went as planned in the salon due to cancelations, but I got experience doing extra men's cuts and met some interesting old ladies that were walk-in clients. Overall, today was a good da


Today was a great day ❤️ We had our schools fashion show where the seniors put their all into a final Avante Garde runway project.

Our theme this year: Disney
My character I was given: Ariel (Little Mermaid)

Now I hate to boast, but I think I killed it!! I made the entire outfit, all of it. From makeup to scaley skin, from fins growing out of his face to reusing an old prom dress to create a tattered mermaid tail. It was definitely an exhausting process, but damn was it worth it 😘

Thanks babe for being my model, you really are the best person to come into my life 🌹


✨She was broken, I think it was because she loved too much. And she was always blind to the fact that love sometimes too is broken💕She left pieces of her life behind her everywhere she went. It's easier to feel the sunlight without them, she said💛Then she began to breathe and live, and every moment took her to a place where goodbyes were hard to come by, she was in love, but not in love with someone or something, she was in love with her life💗And for the first time, in a long time, everything was inspiring. She is whatever she wants to be, she is a little of everything, mixed up, so tough in a beautiful way💋She is made up of depths even the ocean couldn't fathom🌊She's got the world at her fingertips and she makes beauty look effortless🌹


✨🙊We keep a lot to ourselves because it's hard to find people who understand. We all have stories we won't ever tell, we all go a little mad sometimes, we're all victims of our own minds.  Take care of yourself, in the end everyone who mattered will merely be a memory, and the only person who will know your story will be you🙊✨


So I have a claw foot bath tub, and I was enjoying my bubble bath this morning before school when suddenly it felt like someone had grabbed the side of my tub and was rocking it back and forth like one of those baby beds. I for real thought I was going crazy or that there was a ghost in my damn house. Thank god for Facebook and everyone on it letting me know it was an earthquake.. Cuz that was the weirdest thing I've ever experienced. #wtfJustHappened


Just wanted to wish a Happy Birthday to this broad. Been through a lot of shit together, loved eachother, hated eachother, sometimes a little bit of both.. but at the end of the day, you're a bad ass bitch and I'm so happy to call you my friend. Happy birthday you bombshell, today is your day 😘🌹😇 — with Tina Heller


💞Do not fall in love with people like me. I will take you to museums, and parks, and monuments, and kiss you in every beautiful place, so that you can never go back to them without tasting me like blood in your mouth. I will destroy you in the most beautiful way possible. And when I leave, you will finally understand why storms are named after people🌧


I smile, well more than anybody I know. I laugh at things I honestly don't think are funny just to let the other person know that I appreciate their company. And when my smile sits a little lower than normal, I tell people I'm just tired and I'll be better tomorrow. But I'm not tired, because no amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness I feel.

You ask 'what exactly does depression feel like?' If I could give you an honest answer that would make you truly feel how I feel on the inside, I wouldn't tell you; because nobody deserves to know what it is to feel so lonely in such a crowded world.

I say this for the simple hope that someone will read this who feels like giving up is the only thing left to do. 2 years. I worked so hard and kept my demons at bay for 2 fucking years and thought I was finally free from ever feeling their wrath again, but sometimes it just takes the right crack for them to slip out; and now, my demons found me once again. It never ends, it's a constant battle. One that you must fight over and over again; because the moment you stop fighting, is the moment you're mind will cease to exist. 

I won't give up on you if you won't give up on me.
Because I know what it feels like to beg God to just take it all away.


I've kept my views on the political world to myself, because honestly one persons words are not going to change the opinion of another. However, I have seen so many of my friends sharing this article thats spreading about "Why I'm voting for Trump".  And all I have to say is that if you make the decision to vote for Trump when election time comes, you are choosing to vote for a man who has repeatedly made comments tearing down anyone of any race and or social status that is not his equal. And on top of that you are voting for a man who not only opposes the rights of gay men and woman across the country, but who is planning on having a vice president that has even more so pitted himself against the lgbt community opposing every bill that involves gay rights. Overall, I think Donald Trump is a complete bigot and and absolute moron and honestly doesn't even deserve to live as long as he has, but besides my personal opinion ..

If you are going to vote for Donald Trump, you are choosing to vote against me, my friends, and everything that people of other nationalities and sexual orientations have worked so hard to achieve in this hellish world. 

So if you are choosing to vote for Donald Trump, we will no longer be friends. I can not choose to be friends with anyone with the same mentality as Trump. And you as my "friend", are choosing to leave my life because I now see what kind of person you really are. If you are willing to put a man like that in charge of our country, you my friend are just as much of a moron as he is. Our friendship ends here.

My mom has always been my biggest fan in everything I do, and she's always been my biggest supporter in darker times. I couldn't even begin to tell you the experiences this woman has given me, whether it's forcing me out of my comfort zone and onto a raft flying down the white water rapids of Colorado, or sending me to New York City so that I could see almost 10 different shows on Broadway and shop the streets of Times Square, from family vacations seeing the best that California has to offer, to taking my friends and I deep sea fishing for sharks in the Gulf of Mexico; my mother has given me everything and more.

Growing up, you never really understand the concept of gratitude until one day you sit and look back at everything you've done in your life and realize it's all simply because one woman decided you were worth it. Worth the tears, the laughs, the fights, the screams, the love and everything in between. Everything I have and everything I do, I owe it all to you mom. No matter how old you think you may get, you have one hell of a young soul, and I caught a glimpse of that when I had the privilege of being your support when you decided to jump out of an airplane for your 50th birthday. And that is a memory I will hold forever.

All in all I just want to say Happy fucking Birthday mom, thank you for everything you've done over the years, and thank you for always showing me that staying true to yourself is always number one. No matter how old you get, you keep your spirit so young and so alive, because that's who you are. I couldn't have asked for a better childhood, and I couldn't ask for a better mother to be there through it all. 

💕Iloveyou mom💕
🌹Happy Birthday🌹

💋Don't mistake my kindness for weakness. I am kind to everyone, but when someone is unkind to me, weak is not what you are going to remember about me🦂

🖕🏼fuck any of you who voted for Trump. Every single one of these victims is on you. I hope you never sleep at night again, because there is blood on your hands 🖕🏼 you will never call yourself my friend again
Day 1 In Trump's America

✨😊✨Yesterday I had the pleasure of competing in a hair and makeup design competition with my school. I honestly couldn't be prouder of the end result, it was everything my imagination thought it would be. And in the end I took home 1st place in the category I was competing in ✨😊✨

💜My category was fantasy hair design, in which I was required to do a full look including makeup, creating my own outfit, accessories, and hair styling. My inspiration for this piece was my ability to see the beauty in every creature. I wanted to take something most people find repulsive, in this case reptiles, and turn it into something that you can't help but fall in love with. So I created the Reptilian Queen. Honestly the pictures don't even do justice to what this looked like in person, it was near pure perfection.💜

💎All in all it was a great competition with some very talented artists, but I am so proud to say that I took home 1st place in my fantasy hair design category. It was every confirmation that I needed to prove to myself that I'm doing this for a reason, because I am an artist of makeup and I am a hair stylist and I am a designer💎

A huge thank you to Chelsea for being my model and my best friend through everything, I owe you big time girl, you kept my head straight through that whole time crunch we we were on💋. And another huge thank you to my mom Jacki for helping me get whatever supplies I needed for this show, and for dealing with how crazy and anxiety ridden I get every time things don't go exactly as plan. Iloveyou. 🌹

Somebody please save me!!! I have a roller set at 1:30 😭😭😭 I hate doing old ladies hair, I need someone to come get something done today!!!

💋Sometimes all you need is a fat cat, movies, and a box of wine🍷 #OneOfThose #FuckTheWorldKindOfNights

"✨He didn't change, he was just good at pretending to be everything you deserve✨"

😕Am I the only one who wants a friend that isn't a crackhead, coke whore, or drunk 23 hours out of the day?? Like where are all my normal girls at?🙈 Not trying to be friends with someone who's gonna look like they're 60 when they just hit 30.. Ugh😫
I'm all about having a good time😘, whatever you're into; but if you can't do that without shoving powder up your nose or a pill down your throat, then move along. I got bigger plans for my future that don't involve a rehab facility. 🙊


Over it. I am over today. I should not have came to this god damn school today. 😖 I hate saturdays, this place ruins every single Saturday for me every week.


Can I just take a minute to say that you're a joke if you think that me studying the anatomy of the human body is really going to help me out in my career over helping all these girls get ready for their fantasy makeup and hair fashion show, which is the field I intend to go into.  Especially when they are asking for my help. Maybe if you actually taught us the hardest subjects in class and didn't expect me to suddenly become an anatomy professor and teach myself every muscle and bone in the body, maybe then you wouldn't have to worry about me passing the subject. But no, you're more interested in me doing a stupid bang trim so you can make you're money. You forget that this is a school and then its a business after, get your priorities straight Xenon.


I have always been one to get emotional about little things that don't matter to most people, but I have to say that now that my journey through school is closing in on its last few weeks and I am finally having to say goodbye to my regular clients, I am definitely feeling the love. You don't realize the relationships and attachments you build with someone until its time to bid them farewell 😕💜


I'm not one to wish anything bad upon anybody ever. But I know I'm not alone on this one girls and boys.. Out of all the good men and woman that die every year for reasons we can't control, I pray to God that karma finally does justice and someone attempts an assassination on this little orange rolly polly, him and his little fugly bible thumping minion.. 🙊 #oops #fuckdonaldtrump

Go ahead and build that wall Donald, then do the world a favor and throw yourself off of the top of it. 

#WeWereAllThinkingIt #IJustSaidIt 💅


The difference is, if we had a "fag" for a president, the thought would never even once cross his mind to take away the rights of straight people. 
#FuckDonaldTrump

Hey everyone!! Soooo I have a little surprise... I'm done with school on Wednesday!! 😱
I can't believe this journey is finally coming to an end ❤

If you'd like to come in and see me before I graduate, message me. I can make sure you get in tomorrow or Wednesday 😘

#2moredays


⭐ "You were born an orginal, don't die a copy" ⭐

If there is one piece of advice I can offer the world, it's to never allow your shine to be dimmed by the ever changing standards of society. What you get looked down on for now, will be trending years from now. You're not strange and its not that you dont fit in, the world just isn't ready for you yet. But one day it will be, and you will be there waiting and everyone will love you 😘💋


Omaha Police Department at it again.. Shooting innocent anti-Trump protesters with pepper balls, beating them with their batons and arresting innocent women for speaking the truth. Wish I would have gotten the fight on tape because the Police were completely out of line with the amount of force they used. It looked like a scene from a drunken bar fight except there were officers on horses nearly trampling protesters to death.. I can't believe my eyes. Police brutality at its finest. And right outside of the courthouse.. #FuckTrump


People always ask me why I'm so comfortable talking about my life to everyone and anyone and yet I don't bother talking about my family ever. Now I can honestly say there are members of my family that truly support me and the life I live, however here is the reason I don't bother showing up to family reunion anymore and why I ignore messages having anything to do with family functions.

 Idk what god you believe in, but the god I know would never ask you to belittle someone or tell them that because of who they love, that they have no right to be in a position of power. 

"Praise Jesus" ?? Really? I'm quite sure Jesus had NOTHING to do with a bunch of bigoted religious folk telling a woman who happened to love another woman, that she can't be part of your religious council. For what reason? Because she fell in love? How dare you, how dare you. 

You know the funny thing is that if all these "homosexuals" ran the church, the thought would NEVER ONCE cross their mind to tell any straight person that they can't do something that they wanted to do, simply because of who they married.

Dear Aunt of mine,
The world is changing, open your eyes. Because you're just as bad as the white kids shoving all the African Americans to the back of the bus. The only thing we can "praise Jesus" about is the fact that your generation will be dead in a few years and then finally everyone will be able to love in peace. 💋✌

#lovewins #lgbtrights #lgbt #pride #equality

I didn't choose this life, God chose it for me.


She left pieces of her life behind her everywhere she went. It's easier to feel the sunlight without them, she said💛Then she began to breathe and live, and every moment took her to a place where goodbyes were hard to come by, she was in love, but not in love with someone or something, she was in love with her life💗And for the first time, in a long time, everything was inspiring. She is whatever she wants to be, she is a little of everything, mixed up, so tough in a beautiful way💋She is made up of depths even the ocean couldn't fathom🌊She's got the world at her fingertips and she makes beauty look effortless🌹


🌼Late bloomer. That's what I am. For a long time I was comfortable with my life,  but I was never comfortable with myself. I went through fashion trends like I do pony tails,  constantly changing what I saw in the mirror,  hoping to catch just a glimpse of who I really was. And all those things I did to myself just to fit in a little more,  but in the end all of those things blinded me and I slowly forced myself down a path that wasn't mine.

But I don't understand..  high-tops, hairy legs,  snap caps, chin straps,  and short hair..  Isn't that what a boy is supposed to be? Isn't that what a man is supposed to look like?

It took me a long time to find myself,  and I blamed everyone else for never showing me who I was. But now that I'm here,  in my beautifully smooth body, looking in the mirror at my beautifully drawn face,  running my hands through my beautiful long hair.. for the first time in my life, i see myself looking back at me. I'm finally here, still a boy, just a little more beautiful on the outside ❤

💎Growth is uncomfortable because you've never been here before - you've never seen this version of you. So give yourself a little grace,  and breathe through it. 💎

✨💋There are some people in life that make you laugh a little louder, smile a little bigger, and live just a little bit better💋✨

💎 They threw me to the wolves,  and I returned leading the pack. Now I'm coming for everything they said I couldn't have 👑

👏 #TrumpSupporters always have something to say..  Always.  🙈

#asshole #WhyAreWeFriendsAnyways #IDontEvenKnowYou #cheetoh

She is a champagne princess.
😘💨A little 4:20 hunny.
🍹A splash of class and sass
all mixed up in a whiskey glass. 
💛She has a heart that's gold. 
👯A life that's young,
👑 and a soul that's old.


Getting food from McDonald's after 2AM is always a rough experience. Last night was the best one yet though 😂 

👏 Let's hear it for the uneducated bags in the cheap wigs that made me wait 35 minutes for a damn snack wrap and sweet tea 🙈 

#worldstar #classy #mcdonalds #drivethru #fight #getthefuckbackinyourcar #imhungry

👏 "Give him a chance" they said.. 
👏 "He might be what the US needs" they said.. 

1 year later..  Nope,  he's still a racist,  sexist,  pig-faced  #cheetoh and you're still an #idiot 😘

#FuckTrump  #YourStillAPieceOfShit 😂

Isn't that the fucking truth.. 😑🙈

 I remember this like it was yesterday! So beautiful 😍 😘 💇

❄ ~This year is all about you,  it's time to be everything you are worth. Give them something to admire~ 💕 #2018

❄~If I asked you to name all the things you find beautiful,  how long would it take for you to name yourself?~❄

~🌴 Hate is heavy,  let it go 🌴~

#clearmind #clearspirit

📢 #PSA : In case you forgot to remind yourself this morning.. Your butt is perfect. Your smile lights up the room. You're mind is insanely cool.  You are way more than enough. And you are doing an amazing job at life💕

Can I just tell y'all about my Valentine's dinner with bae🤓🙊👑

A 12 oz. Medium-rare Ribeye Steak, 2 sides of Buttered Garlic Shrimp Scampi, Rice Pilaf, Deep Fried Cheese sticks, 2 sides of Butter Glazed Sweet Potatoes topped with Candied Pecans and Whipped Cream, and to save the best for last, over 1lb. of Northern Pacific King Crab Legs
•
•
#foodporn #valentinesday #bae #boyfriend #hegetsme #love #thisbeautifullifeofmine

🔥"You're gonna be happy", said Life. "But first I'll make you strong."☀

💖Sometimes I look at you, and I wonder how I got to be so damn lucky💖

✌If you ever slept on me, rejected me, or undervalued me, thank you. Everytime I win, I remember you 😘💯🖕
•
•
#boss #youhavenoidea

😢It has been the worst week of my life, and somehow this little boy finds the means to comfort me. When everyone you thought would be there, is nowhere to be found in your darkest hour, turn to the things that have never left your side. The past has proven.💕

If you ever thought you knew me,  trust me when I tell you that you don't. You only see what I allow you to see. 🙈

🎊🎈🎁🎈🎉
30 years ago today my soul mate was born into this world. I thank the universe every day for sending you to me, you have changed my life in a way that you'll never fully know. You are the most beautiful person I have ever loved, the most honest person I have ever trusted, and the strongest person I have ever stood behind. You amaze me every day with the person you've become and continue to become. Every morning I get to wake up with your arms around me, I know that I am the luckiest boy that has ever loved someone. You are my everything, and I can't imagine running this world with anybody else.
 
Happy Birthday Baby 💋 iloveyou 💕

🌹 "He was trouble.  Chaos really, but his smile, his smile dared me to fall in love with him.. "

Just received the most painful news, please keep my family in your prayers. It's not going to be an easy week 😔


You were always so beautiful to me,  like an Angel.  From your perfect smile, to  the kindness in your eyes, the warm color of your skin, your strong and perfectly manicured nails, you held the patience of a saint,  the heart of a warrior  and a laugh  that made everyone smile. I will forever remember so much of my childhood spent with you and my time after high school living with you,  and although I'll always feel we never had enough time together,  I cherish every memory I have with you. You were everything to so many people, and you were loved by so many more. The only comfort I find is in knowing that I now have an Angel with the strength of a thousand watching over me.

Iloveyou Grandma Marlee 💕 

May you finally rest in peace 🌈


"He never seemed shattered; to me,  he was a breathtaking mosaic of the battles he's won."


😂 🐱 😂 
My little one,  always in places she shouldn't be 🙈

Viewing today,  funeral tomorrow, I'm not ready for this 😢 Could use all the positive vibes you can send today.


Yesterday I had to say goodbye 😔 

My grandma Marlee raised 8 kids on her own,  and in turn created a family of 38 grandchildren,  and 50 great grandchildren; and believe me when I tell you that this family is filled with nothing but love. Grandma held on just long enough to say goodbye to her entire family, and to make her children promise to take care of her grandbabies, and to keep them close. Although we have to deal with knowing she is no longer here with us,  I see peace in knowing that there's a little part of her in every aunt,  every uncle,  every cousin, every member of this family. I got to talk to people yesterday that I haven't seen in over 5 years,  I got to hug family I wondered if I would ever see again, and I got to see my brother and sister whom I haven't seen in years.  Everyone was there together, simply because of 1 woman. One head strong,  steel hearted woman that refused to give up on anyone.

We all have our memories of her, we all had our time with her; for me it's living with her right after graduating high school. All those months spending everyday with her, and I never wanted for anything. She made sure to wake me up every morning,  we would eat breakfast and have a morning smoke together, and spend the rest of the day watching Ellen, crime shows, wheel of fortune,  and her daily soap operas, spending hours just talking, sitting outside,  enjoying the sunshine or hiding from the snow in the winter. She kept me fed,  she kept me warm, she kept me happy, and during one of the darkest times of my life, she kept me loved. And for that I could never repay her.

I'll forever wish for one more day with you, but I know you've given us everything we need to be okay Grandma, and now it's our turn. Let us give you peace. No more pain, no more surgeries, no more stress,  no more. Just peace. 

Until we meet again,  iloveyou Grandma Marlee💕


He means more to me than anyone will ever know, he's saved me more times than i like to admit, and he stayed beside me when everyone left me alone.
For that, I will love him til my last breathe. 💕

👑
Since the beginning of this year,  I've dropped a big portion of the people I had been surrounding myself with from my life. None of them were bad people,  I just know we weren't right together. Some had differences we just couldn't settle,  some wronged me,  some just couldn't stand beside me,  and some just drifted away. There's no blame to be placed in these kind of situations. And to be honest,  I'm filled with so much peace knowing that there are strangers out there who will soon become the new friends encircling me in this life. 

☀ This summer is dedicated entirely to finding a new life; new people, new places, new friends, new experiences, new memories, and a new love for this beautiful life of mine. ☀ 

💎So here's to the future,  fuck the past,  and to the beautiful people who are still standing beside me:
This beautiful life we live is far from over💎

🌈If I am lost, find me but do not ask me to come back just yet. Sit with me in this lost place and maybe you will understand why I come here too often, what draws me to my neverland. Find me,  but bring me back when I am ready. Maybe you will get to know me a little better. Maybe we can get lost together 💋

🌟 If I could give you one thing in life, I would give you the ability to see yourself through my eyes, only then would you realize how special you are to me 💎

💎 "She has been through hell. So believe me when I say,  fear her when she looks into a fire and smiles" 💎 

💜 Light is easy to love.
Show me your darkness. 🖤


I was touched today, by a stranger. Someone I didn’t know, someone who didn’t know me. He came up to my car while I was sitting with the windows rolled down. He put his hands on my window, leaned into my car and began asking for money. I told him no, because at this point I was beginning to feel uncomfortable, and I assumed that would be the end of our conversation. Instead of leaving, he just stood there, staring at me, inches from my face.  He then asked me if that was “my man” who got out of my car and walked into the store, I told him no, it was just a friend. He went on to tell me he was no longer interested in money, that he was “onto something else“, continuing to stare at me with this twisted sexual smile. I was beyond overloaded at this point, I didn’t know what to do, and I couldn’t roll my window up, he had both his arms leaning on it. He looked me up and down for nearly a minute, then he proceeds to say “You know what, I ain’t even gonna disrespect you.” And then it happened. He touched me. He put his hands on my head and slowly ran his fingers through my hair, and then he left, looking back at me with that same twisted smile. I continued to drop my friend off at work and head home. That’s when it hit me. Like a ton of bricks all at once, I broke down. By the time I could force myself to stop, my eyeliner was down to my cheek bones. And the only thing I could comfort myself with is, ‘He didn’t know what he was doing.’

There’s things in everyone’s life that don’t get shared, stories that will never be told. You never know what someone has gone through. What trials and tribulations they’ve had to overcome. I’ve been ‘touched’ in my past, and I spent a long time forgiving myself for someone else’s decision. 

I’ve had to make a world for myself, where I can be okay, and today a stranger came into it, and suddenly I’m not okay anymore. You touched me, without my consent, and while you will continue to go on with your life thinking you did nothing wrong on this day, I will forever feel your hands on me.

Now I’m left here to pay the consequences of your actions. I’m here again, sitting in the bottom of this familiar hole that I had spent years clawing my way out of.

You don’t know me, and you will never know me, but from this day on, I will never be able to forget you.

“One day we won’t have to ‘Come out of the closet’ , we’ll just say we are in love and that will be all that matters.”

Happy National Coming Out day to all lgbt everywhere! Out or not, you are loved and you will be accepted. This world can be a beautiful place, and soon with a little grace it will be. 

I found my perfect person 6 years ago, and we have been so lucky to be loved by family, friends, and countless others in our life. 

Everybody deserves somebody, always let love win. 💕🏳️‍🌈🙏

#NationalComingOutDay

😍Super Exciting Announcement:

It’s finally happening!! Starting next week I will have my own station set up and ready for appointments at Brash Salon in Omaha! 💕

I specialize in women’s hair, but will always accept an appointment from anyone in need some hair love!! 🙏

I will have a website up and running sometime this month that will be available 24/7 for booking or rescheduling appointments, however for now Facebook is the best way to reach me to set up an appointment!!

I am so blessed to be working with the girls I am and am beyond excited to start giving you and your hair the love you deserve.❤️ 

Message me for details, to talk about some ideas you may have for your hair, or to set up an appointment!!😇

Thank you all so much for the love and support 🙏 I am so appreciative of every one of you 🌹

See you all very soon!! 😘

I did something for myself today 🌹

3 years ago I decided I wanted to test the waters of the cosmetology world 💇 I put in 2,100 hours of work into my future. Two-thousand and one hundred hours full of education, perms, blowouts, highlights, temper tantrums and everything in between. I met people who inspired me, and I learned things I never thought I’d know. I made so many friends, and together we made memories full of laughter, love and tears.

And then I graduated.. 🎓 

By the day the time finally came for me to graduate, I was exhausted. I had spent myself for 2 years, most days working at the school from sun up to sun down. I decided I needed a break. So a month went by, then another, and then another. I found myself comfortable, safe in my daily routine of doing whatever it is I wanted to do for the day, everyday. Suddenly a year had flown by, and I had never finished what I set out to do. I had put in all the labor and hard work, reached the top of the hill I spent two years climbing, and then I just sat there, for a year. 😔

Enough was enough, and I was ready to take care of myself, to finish what I started. I spent this last month pulling out all of my text books and note pads from school, I studied everything I could, as often as I could. 📚 

This morning I went to take my State Boards to receive my Cosmetology License for the State, and I am so proud to say that I finished the test with an hour still left on the clock, passing with a 90%.

💈I am finally and officially a Licensed Cosmetologist. 

I did something for myself today 🌹
Image

🌹🍁🌹We take so many things for granted these days, never taking the time to reflect and show gratitude for the blessings in our lives.

Today, I do not take for granted. Today I am thankful for everything. My home, my family, my career, the love of my life, and all the friends and loved ones we surround ourselves with.

May you all have such a blessed day. 💕 Appreciate all the food prepared for your families, all the conversations over the dinner table and cherish all the memories you make today. We have so much to be thankful for. 

Happy Thanksgiving everyone 🌹🍁🌹

“Next time you think of beautiful things, don’t forget to count yourself in.”🌸

Everything is finally coming along!! I have seen so many beautiful faces already, and I would love to see so many more! 🙏😇 

Whether you want to treat yourself to a fresh color, or just need to trim off those dead ends and hydrate your hair with a deep conditioning masque, let me give the love your hair deserves. 🌹

First time visiting me at the salon?
Get 20% off any chemical service (color, Brazilian Blowouts, etc.) !!! Or get 15% off any other service (haircuts, waxes, etc.) !!!

I have a temporary website set up where you can book your next appointment, or you can just message me on Facebook! 😘

https://squareup.com/appointments/book/8EXR66X2K9389

❤️Thank you all for everything✌️I can’t wait to see you!! 💋

Hey there all my beautiful friends🌹!!!

So I’m In the process of setting up my Facebook page for the salon, I’d love for you all to go LIKE my page and follow me on my journey!! 😇👍 

I’ll be posting specials often, as well as many photos and videos with all of the beautiful people I get to experience in my line of work. ❤️

Feel free to reach out to me for any questions or to setup an appointment!! I would love to help you create a new version of yourself✌️😘

😍I truly appreciate you all more than you know & I can’t wait for all the beauty and memories we have yet to make together! 💋

💐Mom,

There aren’t enough words in the world to tell you how much you truly mean to me. You loved and accepted me before the rest of the world even knew what love and acceptance was. 

I’m inspired by your resilience often, by your positive views of life constantly, and by your love everyday. I’ve been lucky enough to be blessed with you as a mother for 26 years so far, and I can only envy everyone who’s known you longer than that. 💕 

I have yet to meet someone in this life more pure or loving than you are. I could never wish for a better mom, or a better friend. Iloveyou.🌹

Happy Birthday Mom🎈🎉 🎂

Spring, Summer .. Winter? .. Where the hell is Fall?! I haven’t even taken down my tiki torches yet 😩☃️❄️ I’m not readyyy 😭

#winteriscoming

🎄 Christmas is only a few weeks away!! 🎅 

💇 Let me help you make sure you are looking your best when it comes time to see the entire family for that big Christmas feast🍗 !!

❗️Just need a touch up? | Color Glazes to enrich your natural color & Root Touch-Ups starting at ONLY $40 !!

❗️Looking for an entirely new you? | Full Head Color and Cut starting at ONLY $85 !!

➕Add a Blow-dry & Straighten to any service for ONLY $10!!

❄️ Add a Hydrating winter treatment to any service for ONLY $10!!

✅ Reach out to me here on Facebook to set up an appointment !!

💙 I can’t wait to see you!! 💙

💕You are either as beautiful or as ugly as you believe you are.

You define your beauty.

That’s not a power anyone can have over you.💕

❗️❗️❗️Openings still currently available before the Holidays ! ! !

💆‍♀️Wanting an entirely new you for the New Year to come ?!? Has someone’s hairstyle caught your eye ?!? Are you ready to impress your family this Holiday season !?!

🙌There’s still time to book an appointment!!

✅Contact me here & let’s talk about who you want to be !!!

💕Christian Anthony at Brash Salon💕

✌️Setting up an appointment/consultation is easy !!!

————————————————————

💅First time to the salon? New client specials are still going on!!!

❗️Get 20% off any chemical service (color, highlights, Brazilian Blowouts, etc.) !!!

❗️Or get 15% off any other service (haircuts, waxes, flat-ironing, etc.) !!!

We have so much to be grateful for today🌹

Wishing you all a very Merry Christmas, from our little family to yours!!! 🎁🎄🎁

❗️❗️❗️Openings still currently available before the Holidays ! ! !

💆‍♀️Wanting an entirely new you for the New Year to come ?!? Has someone’s hairstyle caught your eye ?!? Are you ready to impress your family this Holiday season !?!

🙌There’s still time to book an appointment!!

✅Contact me here & let’s talk about who you want to be !!!

💕Christian Anthony at Brash Salon💕

✌️Setting up an appointment/consultation is easy !!!

————————————————————

💅First time to the salon? New client specials are still going on!!!

❗️Get 20% off any chemical service (color, highlights, Brazilian Blowouts, etc.) !!!

❗️Or get 15% off any other service (haircuts, waxes, flat-ironing, etc.) !!!



So check out this before and after pic from the other day on my latest blonde bombshell project🌹

A masterpiece in the making💅

She had been coloring her own hair red for months & finally decided to work towards platinum again.🤷‍♂️

After only her first appointment, I’d say we’re halfway there!! Definitely one my new favorite clients ✌️😻

— If you haven’t already, like my page —

💄Christian Anthony at Brash Salon💄

to follow my journey in this beautiful little hair & makeup filled world of mine.💋


🌱Things have been getting busy busy at the salon as of late !!

🙏I’ve been blessed with making so many memories with the most beautiful people while helping them find their next hair transformation. 💇

✅If you haven’t already, I’d love for you all to like my page and follow me on my journey at

Christian Anthony at Brash Salon

I’ll be posting my latest works for everyone to see through out the next few days 🌹😻🌹

——————————————————

✌️Here’s a perfect example of how even the simplest of changes can give you an entirely new look !!!

🙌My beautiful friend here was ready to say GOODBYE to her golden blonde hair and with a little help from me we said HELLO to a stunning rich brown with some beautiful warm caramel highlights ☀️🙏☀️ !!!

——————————————————

🌺NEW CLIENT SPECIALS
ARE STILL GOING ON!!!🌺

✅Receive 20% off of any chemical service !! (Color, highlights, high-lifts, etc!)

✅Receive 15% off of any other service !! (Waxing, hair repair treatments, haircuts, etc!)

Feel free to contact me here on Facebook to set up an appointment !! Or even to simply talk about some ideas you may have about your next color/cut/style 😍

I can’t wait to see you !! ✌️😘


💇Another transformation for the books!!

🙏I recently posted a before and after of this beauties first visit (the first two photos). We let her hair rest for a few weeks after her first high-lift session and then brought her back to continue working towards her platinum goal. 

🙌This is the result of only her second time coming into the salon !!! Just look at that blonde !!

I was just as in love with the results as she was ✌️😊

💎Platinum princess we are well on our way !!

———————————————————-

🌺If you haven’t already, like & follow my journey at 

Christian Anthony at Brash Salon🌺

———————————————————-

✅Feel free to reach out to me here to talk about YOUR next hair transformation and get your next appointment set up !!

🌹😻🌹Thank you all for the love & support I’ve received in my daily work.

✨I can’t wait to see you !!! ✨


💜Pick your head up prince, your crown is falling👑

💜They say purple is the color of royalty..💜

Well how bout this for a Lavender👑Queen!!!

✨My mom has always been my favorite client. We have so much fun discussing her next big hair change, and then she simply trusts me to do what I do and magic always seems to happen✨

✅If you haven’t already, follow me on my hair journey at my page:

Christian Anthony at Brash Salon

🙌Feel free to reach out to me here to book your next appointment or even to simply discuss your latest hair ideas !! 

🌹🙏🌹Again, thank you all for all the support, it truly means the world. 

💇I can’t wait to see you !!!

🌹You are more than just a heartbeat in a world that forgets to love you. Strength will find you sooner than you ever thought it would.🌹


🐺There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls.🌙

🖤”No matter how tough the world becomes, you must never run out of sweetness”🥂

👑Late night adventures in the city keep me alive✌️

🎶“Been through some bad shit, I should be a sad bitch. Who woulda thought it’d turn me to a savage.”🎶

Yesterday was a hard day. Not because anything happened, not because anyone said anything, but simply because my mind was telling me I wasn’t worthy. 

So I did what I normally do when my head starts to get the best of me; I cleaned my house to clear my mind, I took a long hot shower to relax my body, and then I sat in front of my mirror and did my makeup to remind myself that I am beautiful and I am worthy. Only this time it didn’t work. 

I finished my face, put my lashes on, looked at myself and I broke. Eyeliner down my cheeks, and lipstick smeared to my chin. I felt like all the beautiful comments and uplifting messages I constantly receive were all lies. At that moment, I was the ugliest person in the world. That’s what my mind was telling me, over and over and over again.

I was finally able to get myself to calm down, I fixed my makeup, I went downstairs, sat on the floor in the corner and turned my Spotify on to shuffle my favorite songs, and the first song to start playing was This Is Me from the movie The Greatest Showman. In that moment, all of my strength came back to me, and I felt beautiful once again. So I turned my Snapchat on and captured that moment. A reminder of a moment of weakness turned into a moment of empowerment.

Self doubt is a battle even the strongest of souls must fight from time to time. If you’ve ever struggled with depression or anxiety, you know exactly what I’m talking about.

I wanted to make this post to remind whoever needs to hear this that you are beautiful, you are kind, and you are so worthy of love.

Thank you for taking the time to read this.

🌹I love you all🌹


✌️Not trying to start a riot, but can we leave Ariana Grande alone?

So she’s tan and she’s beautiful...? She isn’t appropriating culture, she isn’t identifying as an ethnicity that she isn’t; she just doesn’t want to look like a Norwegian ghost. 

📢 As I said in my comment on the posts this is referring to,

“  My personal opinion? I think she’s absolutely stunning, and if I had the opportunity to make my skin that beautiful glowing brown, I would.

Does that make me a terrible person?

...

If we’re going to talk down on every girl who darkens their features, then every white woman in America needs to stop using foundation. Because we know every one of y’all buys it 2 shades darker than your “natural-born skin tone”.  Just saying 🤷‍♂️“

No hate here, please. This is not the place🌹


✨I thank the universe everyday for placing this boy in my life.✨

🌹Babe, you are everything to me. I don’t think there’s any person I’ve met that’s more real about this world than you are.

😽You’ve taught me more than most, taken me places all over the country, and you are forever protecting me both mentally & physically from the world. You have literally taken a beating for me, from those creeps who jumped us, that is something no man has ever done for me.

😻I can’t even begin to thank you for the way you love me. Your sweet tooth for me just proves to me everyday that you love me as much as iloveyou, & I’ll never be able to repay you for that.

I can only wish that every person is lucky enough to find somebody as special as you.💕

💫The universe definitely knew what it was doing when it put you here with me.

💋I’ll forever love you💋

🎉Happy Birthday my handsome lil devil✌️😘


🌹This will forever be my favorite tattoo.

🎀 At a point when we had no idea how the cancer in my mom was going to play out, this was, & still is, a constant reminder that we must sometimes be that anchor in her life, like she was for us all those years.

After all, “a mother is God in the eyes of a child”. 💕


New Orleans bound ✌️😽 Time to relax 🌹

Oh btw I’m pink now 💕😝💕


💎💎💎

On days like these when you feel like you have nothing to hold onto, do it. Decide. Is this the life you want to live? Is this the best you can be? Can you be stronger? Kinder? More compassionate?

Decide. Breathe in. Breathe out and decide. 

💎💎💎

Just a Fruit Loop in a world full of Cheerios
•
❤️🧡💛💚💙💜
•
Happy PRIDE month everyone !!!

#loveislove #lgbt #pride #pridemonth


😂 😂 😂 Staaaaahp 😂 😂 😂



💍He is the most beautiful thing
my eyes will ever see🌹


I’m mostly “Peace, Love and Light”
🌹💞🌹💞🖕💞🌹💞🌹
And a little “Go fuck yourself”.

🌸✌️🌸

A man once told Buddha, 
“ I want happiness. “

Buddha replied,
“First remove ‘I’; that’s ego. 

Then remove ‘want’; that’s desire.
And now all you’re left with is

‘Happiness.’

🌸✌️🌸

This is why I need to learn to keep my mouth shut. 🤦‍♂️

You just can’t educate anyone on immigration issues, or any issues regarding Donald Trump really.

Instead of having a conversation or even being a little open minded to the fact they might be wrong in their way of thinking, they resort to attacking. 

Your words don’t hurt me, I know who the fuck I am.

My name is Christian Anthony
& I’m a boy who has long pink hair and wears makeup every day of my life. 💋

I know who I am and I damned sure know what I stand for. ✌️

Mock me as you will, you’re the problem with this country.

🏳️‍🌈🇺🇸🏳️‍🌈

🌧🥀We can complain because
rose bushes have thorns,

or we can revel because
thorn bushes have roses.🌹☀️


😫Why Snapchat know how our relationship works though 🤷‍♂️

✌️😂💋

I’m feeling every bit of this. 🙈

It’s another absolutely beautiful & productive Summer afternoon☀️🌹

💫Could really use all the positive energy you can send my way today💫

💪I’ve been working working working on quite the project that we were blessed with recently. If I’ve been terrible at responding or seem a little distant, I promise I haven’t forgotten about you. Im just pushing through these last weeks of Summer. Once the legalities are finalized, life will be a lot more peaceful and I can finally share with you what has taken the last 3 months of my life over.

Thank you to all my friends, followers, and clients at the salon for sticking through this with me. I can not tell you enough how much I appreciate you.💕🙏

❤️☺️❤️




🥀Sometimes you just need reminded.

You can do this, I believe in you 🌹
Image


I swear I see flowers blooming from your chest 
                     and galaxies in your eyes.
                                   🌹💫🌹
         I see the stars on the tip of your tongue
                     and the sun on your skin.
                                  ✨💋✨
                      You are the world to me.


🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀
                         
                         Listen to me, girl.
         You have castles inside your bones,
                  and crowns in your heart.
                          🌹 🏰👑🏰 🌹
             If he threatens you with battle,
                You raise him a whole war.
                                     ⚔️
                  The last time I checked,
             Queens cower before no man.

🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀


So you won’t find too many old photos of me, but here’s a little #transformationtuesday 🧚‍♂️

     A decade has done a lot for ya boy 🌹


I just need to vent for a minute.
Please stick with me. 🕊

The one lesson I keep learning over and over again, but keep hoping is going to change, is that when life hits you with a rocky road, people disappear. I thank god every day that I have my life partner, because he’s about the only permanent friend I’ve found in this world.

Life has thrown more stones our way recently than it has in years. We’re pushing through it, but sometimes it’s hard when you don’t know where you’re heading. The only thing I’ve ever expected from the people in my life is loyalty, I thought we had found it. I thought we had made friends for life. One final curveball and suddenly I’m standing in an empty field.

They watched as I fell, but now I’m trying to pick myself back off the ground and there’s nobody around.

Just know that when I’m back standing on my own two feet, I’ll never forget who walked away when we needed them the most. 

Actions speak volumes.

That’s all I needed to say. Thank you🥀


_
                       September 11, 2001
                     The 18th Anniversary
                              🗽🇺🇸 🏙

My mom is a World History teacher at a middle school, this week they learn about what took place on this day back in 2001. Until a conversation we had the other day, I hadn’t realized that the kids she is teaching this week, were yet to even be born back on this terrible memory-staining day. 

Today there are kids, some for the first time, viewing videos, photos, and news articles from around the world showing and discussing the carnage left behind in the wake of terrorism. Talking about an event that they will forever merely know as another history lesson. September 11th will be to them as learning about President Kennedy’s assassination was to my generation. The true magnitude of the events of this day back in 2001 will never fully register with their young  blooming minds.

They say you never forget where you were when a world tragedy occurs, especially on your home front. I know I never will.

I was living in an extremely small town in the heartland of the USA. Surrounded by cornfields, dirt roads, and sitting in a classroom with a mere 17 peers. We were living our best little lives, some in my class barely 10 years old. Suddenly a teacher, who wasn’t our own, walks in and whispers into the ear of ours. She stands, walks over to the big box-style television and turns on the news. At first we aren’t sure what we’re watching or why our attention has suddenly been turned to the thing that was never turned on unless it was our day to watch The Magic School Bus.

The static clears on the television and the news channel comes through. There’s an arial view of a giant building in New York City, smoke billowing out of it. Underneath a big red line with white lettering reads something to effect of, “Plane has struck World Trade Center tower”. My attention is instantly drawn as the kids around me who were once giggling and whispering suddenly fall silent. We watch and we stare, still too young to fully understand what was happening. The news is still coming in, because it wasn’t just this small classroom full of kids that were confused, the whole world didn’t know what was going on. Was this an accident? Who was flying the plane? Why would it be flying so low in the middle of the largest city in the nation? No one had any answers.

The news is panning between news anchors and views of the smoking tower. Suddenly, an enormous explosion of fire and glass followed by an even larger billow of smoke erupts from the tower standing equal in height right next to the first. My teachers gasp, one covering her heart, the other has both hands over her mouth. Both towers now burning, glass shattering all around. A second plane had crashed into the remaining tower. We, the entire world, are all realizing that this is no accident. The word “TERRORISM” scrolls across the bottom of the screen. A word this room full of elementary aged kids had even yet to learn the meaning of.

We are captivated by this scene that is something we could only compare to the movies, when suddenly the news comes that a third plane has struck the Pentagon. Now the full term finally scrolls across the bottom of the screen, “TERRORIST ATTACK”.  As our teachers are standing there unable to move and not knowing what to say, the news station pans back to that arial view of the two burning towers, and all at once the world watches as the first tower suddenly implodes. The entire world is watching. The sky and streets are filled with nothing but black and brown smoke, as this once graceful steel & glass giant pummels itself into the ground, leaving nothing behind but a smoke covered sky and a ground filled with chaos and blood curdling screams. The news zooming in on the lone remaining tower close enough to watch as people are now throwing themselves out of the windows, falling to their death before our eyes. 

At this time one of the teachers brings in papers that someone quickly ran through the printer, the lyrics to the song God Bless the USA, by Lee Greenwood. They begin playing the song through the speakers in an attempt to give these kids a little reassurance and comfort. We stand, we sing, the ones who have grasped a mental understanding of what this all meant are now wiping away tears from their eyes. The entire world began grieving, as we thought we had just witnessed the worst thing that has ever happened in our lifetime. 

Then it happened.

The second tower collapses. Crashing into the streets of the largest city in the country. It’s weight and power equal to the first, doubling the debris and smoke that has blanketed the city. The pitch black sky clears enough for you to realize that the sky now stands empty. There is nothing where there once stood two of the most recognized landmarks in the New York City skyline. Now realizing as the grave news comes through, what it means for those on the ground, and those who never made it out of the tower. Scenes of people completely coated in grey powder, being pulled from the ground, some already on stretchers, some hugging strangers as they both fall to their knees weeping, and blood, everyone covered in blood. The cries and the screams echoing over the sirens of the first responders.

We will never forget. How could we? What this nation, what this world witnessed on that day has been forever carved into our memories.

There are kids living their lives in a middle school classroom at this very moment, who are watching a power point presentation, seeing the events that took place on this day. To them it will be no different then when we learned about World War II, the Holocaust, or Pearl Harbor. They will never understand, and for that I am envious. This is an event that nobody deserved. The 3,000 people murdered at the towers, the passengers and pilots on flights 11, 175, 77, and 93, the families who lost their loved ones, the nation who was forced to watch, and the world who didn’t know what to do; none of us deserved to have the scar that will be left in our memories forever.

                     Let us never forget,
       for there are those in this world now
                that will never remember.
                         🇺🇸⛑💔⛑🇺🇸
    God bless this nation and God bless the
     angels we lost on this day, 18 years ago.

                  ⚖️Where were you?⚖️


(I’ve needed to share this piece of my story for too long now. People ask me why I am sometimes distant & often in solitude. If you read til the end, I appreciate you more than you know. Thank you.)

       A letter to the person I’ll never know
            who changed my life forever.  

                                 •🖤•

They say to be grateful for the struggle, the tailspin will land you exactly where you need to be. The struggles that have been forced on me over the last few years, are things however that I can never be grateful for, because they are tailspins we didn’t send ourselves into, plot twists we never deserved and story lines I was never meant to live. 

So let me tell you the story nobody knows about my life and the person I’ll never meet who changed it forever. 

It started over 5 years ago. After moving our life back home from traveling around the country so that I could complete my Cosmetology degree, life became financially tight, but we knew we were going to be okay. We were young, optimistic, happy and looking forward to starting a new life. My fiancé quit his job that offered him a stable 100K yearly pay but required him to travel thousands of miles away, and went into the service industry making quick cash to keep us afloat through this transition period.

Over a span of 2 years while I finished school and my fiancé worked multiple jobs full-time, we placed the trust of our livelihood for the first time into the hands of numerous people we would come to know as lessons learned. Employers who always left us empty handed, landlords who nearly landed us homeless more times than I can count, and friends who clung around when money was flowing but left us alone when we were unable to make it out to the party. We went through our struggles, as everyone does, and we made it to the other side. 

A few years ago we had finally earned our come up. Everything was finally going to be okay, and money was no longer going to be an issue, which meant that we could finally start planning our future. Of course after having dealt with so many people over a number of years who repeatedly thrust knives into our backs, we naturally developed trust issues with anyone when it came to our financial life. Employers, landlords and friends had forced us to make choices through out this time period that put our credit in the dumpster and had collections at our backs. So we never allowed ourselves to keep a bank account in fear of someone attempting to drink from it, just a hidden stash of everything that we had worked so hard to gain amongst the sinkholes that seemed to appear around our life prior. 

Then it happened.

We come home one night from what we thought to be just another day at work to see our front door had been kicked in. We walk in to find my 3 sweet innocent kittens terrorized and in a full panic, my home flipped upside down and inside out, my dressers slammed into the ground, the drawers scattered throughout with everything inside of them now thrown amongst piles of items that were shattered all around, the ground littered with what had once been items decorating the home we fought for years to create. Every single item we owned had been touched by someone I’ll never know the name of. They stole what we had tired our bodies for years saving, the sunshine we had hidden to pull ourselves out of the storm. Priceless items we had spent the past years since moving back holding onto and our stash collective of more money than we had ever managed to save in our lives combined. The money that was soon to be tripled in a deal in order to give us a foothold into the future we wanted. We were once again shoved face first into the mud.

The feeling of being violated in itself was overwhelming. Every night left home alone, I was forced to sit on my couch with a butchers knife by my side. Jumping at every sound, every headlight that shined through my blinds, scared that whatever vile human came into my home that terrible night was going to come back.

We lost everything. Our financial stability, our peace of mind, any chance of having the life we dreamed of any time soon. 

Eventually because someone had taken everything from us that was keeping our world afloat, we lost our home.

Soon to follow, my fiancé lost his job.

We were left once again with nothing, and no one by our side.

After that day it seemed to be a constant battle of doing good for others and repeatedly learning the lesson that others will not always do good unto you.

Eventually we were off our knees and freshly on our feet, no money saved up but we were making it through the months. My fiancé found a job that he loved and employers that he looked up to in an industry he adores. We found a home to rent from landlords that appeared to be a god send. Life was still a struggle, but we were making it through. Month by month we were slowly clawing our way out of this hole we had been shoved into. At this point we were simply trying to be okay in the present, but no longer able to truly plan our future.

A year passed and then a blessing came our way, and we were suddenly set to inherit a home of our own but it came with the risk of putting ourselves in yet another financial situation first, having to pay our way through a legal battle in order to secure the inheritance but would concurrently secure a home for our future. We sat and discussed every aspect of this until we finally agreed that life was handing us an opportunity and we needed to take it. With me working at the salon and my better half managing a high volume establishment on the edge of downtown, we believed we could tackle this head on and come out of this on top.

Then it happened.

We had opened up to finally trusting someone again, and the employers of my fiancé whom we had placed our fragile lives in the hands of after previously having everything taken from us, thrust yet another knife into our already full backs. After a night of finally standing up to some problems that were arising amongst his employees there, the behavior of the employers themselves, and the unfair financial offerings they were giving to their employed son and no one else as promised who worked equally as hard and were equally deserving of, they fired my fiancé. The man who had given them every piece of himself for so long. They threw him to the curb like a bag of trash without warning, all while knowing full well the financial obligations of this inheritance that we had just taken on and the rough life we had previously lived.

We did the only the only thing we could do and began telling ourselves everything was going to be okay, that this was the universe simply telling us we were meant to be pushed in another direction. My other half scurried for a month to find new employment as we began the process of completing the move out of our old home and into the new one. All the while still making financial payments on the rather large remaining mortgage left on the home we inherited.

Then it happened again, betrayal.

Our old landlords smiled and wished us well to our faces as we moved out, and within months sent us a bill in the mail for thousands of dollars in damages that anyone who has ever been to my home can tell you never existed. These private landlords, slum lords, who allow people in bad situations like we had previously been in, to move into their homes only to turn around and prey on their financials when they move out. The “god sends” who offered a helping hand in a dire situation someone had forced us into, slapped us right in the face when we were no longer going to be filling their pockets every month.

Now we sit in this home. This “blessing”. Having been beat down by every person we have trusted in this life. My fiancé once again starting a new job, having to work his way from the bottom. Being truly grateful for the few people left in our life that have stuck by our side. All the meanwhile remembering those who once again disappeared when our wallets tightened. One I considered even to be of my closest friends justifying their absence in our life with a text message stating “I haven’t been around because I know you guys are in a financial situation and I was worried you would ask for money.” When all we ever needed was a friend to sit with us as we take care of ourselves until the sun comes out again.

While I know we are not perfect, these terrible things that have happened to us have caused us to walk the paths we did. We’re on the edge of a second chance. These months to follow are going to be what finally fills our life with the financial stability and loving household that we have so desperately been searching for all these years since having everything shattered before us. These holes we were forced into was done to us by people disguised as a light at end of a tunnel, that in turn only sent us into a deeper darker cavern. And while I harbor so much resentment towards the pile of bodies that have left these knives in our backs, my mind can only bring me back to one time period where this tailspin began. That night when our lives were broken into and stolen from. 

My mind constantly searches over the timeline of our life and series of events we have been through, searching for the moment where things led me to where I am. My mind always coming back to one conclusion. 

What I would give to sit in a room with the person who broke into my home and stole my future.

What I would give to tell them that they didn’t simply steal sentimental items or the cash that we had saved. They stole years from me, years that I will never have. They stole from me what we were so close to using as our payment towards a future with a home and a family. Had they simply left us alone, I would have never walked down this path, I would have never met these people that have since continued to tear my life apart. I would have never lost my home, my trusting ways of loving people, my peaceful mind. 

If I could sit down with the person who ransacked my life and destroyed everything I owned I would tell them, by now I would living in a home of my own choosing, with my loving and beautiful fiancé, almost fully financially prepared for the family I so desperately dream of. Today my life would be my own, but you stole that from me. When you shattered the glass on my front door, you thought you hit the jackpot, but when you left with everything I had you forced me to walk a road I was never supposed to be down. A road I’ve been walking down lost and confused every year since. A road filled with people who have hurt me more times than I care to count, a road that made me lose my home, a road that at times forced me into food banks, piling my sweet kittens and all the clothes I could carry into my car to go sleep in motels because I had no place to call my own, a road that has introduced people into my world that I was so eager to call friend and who were so quick to turn around and add another dagger to my back.

None of this was supposed to be my life, my road was clear. My destination in sight. You never broke into my home and simply stole my money, you stole every plan I ever had, you stole my future.

You stole where I would be right now. 
Where I should be right now.
The family I would be so close to having by now. 

You stole my kindness, my trusting heart, my belief of good in the world.
You stole the loving person I was supposed to be.

You stole my path and left me on a road that was not mine to walk. Leaving me cold, lost and at times heartless.

For that, I can never forgive you.


                               🌧😞🌧

I could really use some prayers and positive energy sent my way these next couple days. 

We’ve had multiple events and people that have dug a huge financial hole in my life recently. I try so hard to believe there’s a little bit of good in everyone, but these last couple weeks have shown me that there are truly awful people on this earth.

I’m really struggling right now to see how I’m going to power through this, having already started projects I’ve been emptying my wallet into, I was not prepared for this financial flood to come into my world. 

Prayer warriors and vibe enthusiasts, I need you now more than ever.💒🔮💒


Hey all you beautiful friends of mine!!
                                    💞
So I’m starting to try to use my Instagram more these days. I have almost 4,000 friends on my Facebook and I’d love to connect with everyone on my other social media platforms.
                              🥂✅🥂
Comment with your Instagram handle / link so I and my other friends can follow you!

My Instagram is:

Becoming_._

I’ll post the link below 💕 Can’t wait to follow your journeys!!!


📢 A little PSA on behalf of all my friends in the service industry.

Most everyone employed as a server/waiter/waitress etc, are paid just a little over $2 an hour. Let that sink in for a minute. Two dollars per hours worth of work. Also keep in mind that good ol’ Uncle Sam will take the majority of this money. They receive double, sometimes even single, digit paychecks.  

Now quality of service aside,
if you can’t afford to tip your server at least 20% of the total cost of your meal, 
YOU👏CAN’T👏AFFORD👏TO👏EAT👏OUT. 

You’re taking a table from someone who will tip their server what they deserve and what they depend on to pay their own bills.

If you cant afford to tip someone for spending over an hour making sure you have everything you need to fill your belly, take your ass home and cook your own meal.

Once more,

IF👏YOU👏CAN’T👏AFFORD👏TO👏TIP👏YOU👏CAN’T👏AFFORD👏TO👏EAT👏OUT.

That’s all.. ✌🏽👀💋


_
              🤡Giving a fuck doesn’t really go
                            with my outfit💋
•
               🗝Instagram.com/becoming_._
•
#halloween


_
   The Devil wouldn’t be attacking you so hard
           if there wasn’t something valuable
                              inside of you.
                             ⛓🖤💎🖤⛓
      Thieves don’t break into empty houses.
                                       ⚔️

_
                   🥀One of these days
               I’m going to say fuck it all
          and let my demons out to play💀


_
                             💍🥂💍
    Yesterday a dream we had talked about
     since we were young finally came true
       as I got to dance with my best friend
 of 13 years as she married the love of her life.
                 🍁🎃✨💃🏻🕺🏼✨🎃 🍁

Shelby, 🧚🏼‍♀️the memories came flowing back of all those late night talks, young and carefree kids sharing our visions of the futures we dreamed of and the wedding we would someday have when we found our forever person. Midnight walks planning a life with a husband we hadn’t even met yet and 2am car rides singing at the top of our lungs to songs we said we’d someday dance to when our wedding day finally came.

You have been a rock in my life for as long as I can remember. The only true friend that has been there from the start. We grew up together, we matured together, we had our hearts broken together, we have been there for each other through it all. From vacations with moonlit walks on the beaches of Galveston Island to the most stressful days of our lives walking down the halls of high school and college together side by side for so many years. Every day taking another step towards the futures we so desperately reached for.

Now here we are, 13 years later. The years of daydream conversations of wondering who our first dance would someday be with have come to an end.

I couldn’t have chosen a better man for you myself. If only our 15 year old selves could see us now, knowing our fairytale talks of finding Prince Charming would come true.

💫To finally live that magical moment of dancing with you at your wedding, the moment we spent countless nights as children dreaming of together, was by far the most beautiful moment of my life. 💫

        You are so loved, you are so worthy,
           and my god you are so beautiful.
                               🖤🌹🖤
        Iloveyou more than you’ll ever know,
 and I can not wait to watch your story unfold.
                                      •
                                      •
“As I’m looking to the sky to count the stars,
   I wonder if you see them where you are.”
                                   🥀

(PS Check out the dance off video between Megan Dougherty’s husband and my fiancé Deacon Velasquez) 😂


_
                    I’m not gonna lie,
       it’s been tough around here lately.
                                😔

Life seems to be hitting us with bump after bump after boulder. Once again sensing these long gone feelings of surrender and defeat creeping around the back of my mind. It’s easy to lose ourselves and our mission in the process of being bogged down by the world’s attempts to break you.

         Today I am thankful for Facebook
         reminding me of past years’ post. 
                                    🙏🏽
               Sometimes the only advice
             you need to hear is your own.
                               🥀🧚🏼‍♀️🥀
     Because sometimes you’re the mess,
     and yet sometimes you’re the broom.
                                   🧼

🌺Heres 2 transformations I was blessed to work on this week!!

The color is gorgeous with this platinum blonde and pinkish merlot, but this little girl was the most exciting thing I did this past month. She’s been wanting to shave her head and completely change herself for a while now. Her mama and I were a little weary since when we started her hair was damn near touching her booty, so we shortened it over time, the last appointment I told her that if she came back next time and still wanted her hair cut off, I promised we would. She came back and she was ready. Afterwards the girl was glooowing. She loved it, she still loves it, and according to mom she’s been changing her entire attitude towards life and even has been asking to buy a new selection of outfits, something a little more tomboy. This baby has definitely found herself, and to be a part of that first step has really warmed my little heart. I can’t wait to watch this girl find herself over the next couple of years.✨💕

It’s perfect timing for a transformation of your own!! Kick these winter blues with a brand new do.💇🏽‍♀️

I have a couple openings at the salon this week!! Message me and we’ll discuss / setup your new hairstyle lovelies ✌🏽💋


I posted a little while ago about how thankful I was for Facebook’s memory reminders, and well today I am once again grateful for them. 3 years ago my mom posted this on my timeline when I was in need of some motherly comfort. 

Today in the midst of heading back into the chaos that is currently my life, I once again needed to hear this. Iloveyou mom. Thank you for always knowing exactly what to say. 

✌🏽💋


IF ANYONE HAS HEARD FROM Deacon Velasquez PLEASE CONTACT ME IMMEDIATELY!! 

I am so worried about him, he wen't out for a ride on his motorcycle around 8pm and I haven't heard from him since.

Deacon Velasquez If you see this, iloveyou more than anything in this world, always have, always will.


_
                          🥀🧚🏻‍♂️❤️🧚🏻‍♂️🥀
I’m brave enough to say I’ve been a lot of things lately that I’m not proud of. The best word I can find to encompass it all is ‘ABSENT’. 

I’ve been absent from the majority of people and events in my own life over these past months. I have rarely posted on my social media, become complacent with sparse weeks of appointments at the salon, and thrown myself so deep into the project babe and I have taken on, that I have completely neglected everyone in my life. 

The one thing I hate to admit, is that I’m a person who’s attention is spread over so many things that I’m quick to lose myself in my own life. In-turn leaving so many others in the dark. 

I’ve been a terrible friend. I know I have, it sucks coming to that realization. So to anyone who feels I’ve abandoned them over these past months, you know who you are, please know that I’m truly sorry for being an absent friend. Iloveyou and as distant as I may seem at times, I’ll always be here for you.

I’m tired of my own shit. I’m ready to let the love and light back into this hazy life of mine ✌🏽💋


The police just left.

I have filed a missing persons report for Deacon Velasquez. If anyone has seen or heard from him since 8pm last night, please contact me immediately. 

He left on his motorcycle yesterday and told me he was “going for a ride” and he would be back later.

I’m losing my mind. I’m scared, I’m sad, and I miss the boy I’ve loved for all these years.

Last night was the hardest night of my life, I had to force myself to sleep alone for the first time in over 6 years. 

Please be okay baby. Iloveyou more than you will ever know.

In the midst of my yearly battle with my ever so endearing seasonal depression, it’s days like today when I awake to a reminder from myself of exactly what it is that that has made me the person that I am. Finally I’m blanketed with a little peace of mind.

At first I may look into the eyes of the person in this photo and wonder where this optimistic beautiful young soul has run off to, but then I read my own words aloud, “In a world where aesthetic is everything, make your heart the most beautiful thing about you,” and without a seconds hesitation I catch a glimpse of that once gleaming flame reignited as sparks catch my eye, flickering in the mirror of this body that is so desperate to come alive.

These winter blues can’t hold me down forever, and baby Spring is right around the corner. Hell hath no fury like a devil trapped beneath the ice in a prison of its own creation.

From my headspace to yours, don’t ever give up on yourself. We’ve suffered through that enough, and we all deserve so much more. ✌🏽💋

Happy Wednesday everybody 🧚🏻‍♂️

UPDATE: Deacon has been found. He’s okay and he’s safe. It’s a rather long story, you can message me privately if you feel the need. Im truly grateful for everyone’s help who reached out to me. 

Thank you. Iloveyou Deacon.🖤

This past year has been a lesson I never wanted to learn. I've been brutally broken, stepped on, and completely changed by the world we live in today. The over-caring heart that lives in this body has weathered through more storms than I care to remember, and after each one I continue to sit and wait for the sun to come out, smile on my face and hope in my soul. Then the clouds come rolling in, rain hits my face, and suddenly I'm sitting in a flooded land watching everything I believe in sink to the depths once again.

Humans can be such terrible creatures. We all have demons living inside of us, keeping them at bay is harder than most people realize. If there's one lesson I've learned from the most this year, it's that some creatures were never people to begin with. Merely demons wearing the skin of lovers past. Maybe they were like me once, but after so much heart break the thing they were no longer exists. They live now only to shout dreams of love to the world with a secret craving to cause chaos and pain. Leaving people like me who live in fairy tales and happily ever afters, as a mere appetizer when that hunger finally consumes them, and the only thing they thirst for is the blood of those that still know love.

If you would have asked me when I was a child if I believed this world was a beautiful place, I would have told you it was more beautiful than any heaven I could imagine. My eyes have been opened now. I realize we're all surrounded by hells we refuse to accept. Wandering aimlessly with our eyes closed, dreaming of a better life. Some of us heal from the wounds the darkness has left on our skin, others are left hollow until eventually there's nothing left.

I believe in good, I believe in people. I only wish I would have believed in demons too. Falling for the facade of those screams for love, continues to be a lesson I will never learn.

"How is it so easy for you to be kind to people?" he asked.

"Because people have not been kind to me."
Image

Okay everyone. I know you’re all gonna think my life’s just a disastrous mess after this. I’m currently holding it together with.. well I’m not really holding it together at all to be honest 😭

I need your help again. This time it’s our sweet babe girl. 💔 

If you live in the downtown Omaha area, please keep your eyes out for my sweet baby Kaida. She got out yesterday morning and was playing hide and seek between us and her stray kitty friend all afternoon. She went MIA around 10 pm last night. She can’t see very well at night so I’m so scared and now we haven’t heard from her in over 12 hours.

She was last seen at 11th and Frederick right by the zoo. She doesn’t have her collar on, but she’s so recognizable. She’s sweet but probably won’t let u approach her.  She’s very very small but a little over 2 years old.

Please help me bring my baby home, this big ball of mess I am could really use one of her sleepy time “put all your shit down and pay attention to me” kisses right now. 

Thank you. 

Iloveyou Kaida ❤️ We can’t wait to see you again.

To the love of my life:

“I swear I can see flowers blooming from your chest and galaxies in your eyes. I see the stars on the tip of your tongue and the sun on your skin. You are the world to me.”

You are the world to me. I don’t think you’ll ever truly understand the meaning that sentence holds in my heart.

See there was this boy, who was weak and heart broken with nowhere to wander, no destination in site. One day a boy only a few years older than he, came and swept the boy away. He had tried and tried for years to befriend the lonely boy before, and even after years of rejection - saw a boy in need and befriended him anyways. So they traveled the world together- never leaving each others’ side wherever they went. 

You saved me. You gave me a life. And you have promised to be my future. That’s something I can’t ever repay you for.

I know this year has been the hardest we’ve conquered, but I know we will conquer it - we’re lucky enough like that. We have a love like that. A bond that can never be severed. 
I will be here. Like I have always been here. 

When I tell you iloveyou - I mean I will always love you. Down to my dying breath.

I need to apologize for being hard on you this year. You didn’t deserve half of the things I tried to put on your shoulders. And I forgive you for what you placed on mine. 

There has only been one thing in this entire life that I have known to be true. That is the love you have for me is just as strong as the love I have for you.

I’ve known for 7 years that I wouldn’t ever have to feel the pain of being lonely again - because I know that you will never leave me and you know I will never leave you. 

Whether it’s waiting for you to get off work do we can have a movie night - or I’m jumping on the backs of drunk hooligans downtown who thought they were gonna gang up on you in the alleyway - I have always been right by your side. I will always be. 

Because I got you and you got me. 
& as long as we got eachother,
Fuck the world, right?✌🏼🤴🏻🤴🏼

Iloveyou Deacon. From the bottom of my heart I owe you everything I am today, and iloveyou deeply, truly and faithfully til I breathe my last breath. 

Thank you for never giving up on me. Thank you for being the hero I needed. Now let me be yours. Though this year has pushed us in the mud more than once, it will be the last time I ever let it get the best of me. I know we’ll wether the storm, when and when the sun comes out we’ll be standing strong as ever. 

Springs just around the corner baby. I got you and I know that you got me. Cheers to 7 years of living and learning. Let’s put this love we found to the test, aye? 🙃

Iloveyou

I’ll be here dressed and ready - waiting for our next date, next adventure, next big move. I’ll be here.

Sincerely yours,
♥️Christian


I can't believe that someone would maliciously defile the beautiful thing that used to be my life. 

I’m sorry Josiah. I warned you. 

Most of you don’t know this person. For those that do, make sure he gets this message in it’s entirety. 

[DISCLAIMER: Some of you are going to read this with a jaw dropping expression of disbelief that the person you all know as me, would dare say such grunge over social media, would ever plaster someone's wrong doings for the world to see..]

But I am hurting,
I am withered.
I am bruised.

People that I have given everything I had to, have torn me into pieces.

Pieces I am  putting back together for the last fucking time.

Mocked, ridiculed, shamed, and forced to accept realities of deception, heart ache, recklessness, malicious intent, and choices of addiction over love. Realities I never in a thousand years would have believed to be possibilities in what I used to refer to as my beautifull life.

In order to see the progression, you had to have seen the problem. Allow me to show you.

For once I will not hide the hurt someone has caused me. For once the light gets to shine on someone who chose to cast me as the victim in their narrative

____________________________

<Let it be known that nothing I have included in this post was meant to slander anyone in any form, but are mere personal opinions based on known facts. Every single word I have written is of full honesty and all evidence of any accusations has been documented for proof  of the truth contained in my words.>

______________________________

For once what I have always filtered down to be "This Beautiful Life of Mine", gets to be seen for what it is..

In the end, it comes down to this.

* I hid in my room.
* I said mean things to someone I love.

I need no excuse. I made stupid life choices this year, and I am and have been accepting the responsibility of the cost of each one. 

I was selfish,
I disappeared to my room because I blamed the world for the chaos of my life.
I let myself hold grudges,
be mad, 
Said some really mean things I never meant in moments of emotional chaos that unfaithfulness brought to the table.

I never deserved the hatred that has been burned into my heart.

I have had a really hard year. I lost my Grandpa this year to Covid-19. I nearly lost my father. Both of whom i took for granted. People have lied to me, ones who called themselves "friend" have stolen more than I could afford to lose, most people I was surrounded with continuously disrespected me and trashed the home I have made. 

I have been left to feel unworthy of love, of honesty, and deserving of pain from one I have only ever given love to.

So I hid in my room.
I said mean things to someone I love.

Does that mark me worthy of being lied to?
mocked?
ridiculed?
left lonely for days on end as if I never existed at all.
________________________

Some people will say its an "Eye for an Eye".
Others will say its unnecessary revenge.

The truth?

You decide.
____________________________________________
Call this one,

" Beauty Lost: Life of Mine".
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Raw. True. Unfiltered. Fucked Up.
Welcome to my world..

[So.... Josiah,] 

Lets roll back the clock... to when you first entered into my world 2-3 years ago, before the world turned cold.

My partner and I had befriended you but didn't know your story. What we did know was that you were a boy like me, feminine in personality, total boy inside, and you attempted makeup as a daily routine.  You told us you were from a very small town with very limited resources. I knew that meant that there wasn't much chance at all  for you to truly grow into the person I thought you to be. 

Your home life was a sad story of its own, but the shadow of myself that I saw in you told me you were destined for something bigger than the "population zero" town you had been living in. Omaha would be a step in a bigger and hopefully a brighter direction for you. So we loaded up the car and after driving 5 hours to the middle of nowhere, we picked you up. We had made the decision to allow you into our life, holding high hopes of giving you the space you needed to stretch the wings you so clearly wanted. To my surprise you were very anxious, erratic almost. But you were young, we were strangers, this whole situation was abnormal to say the least. I suppose my nerves would have gotten to me too,  leaving it all behind to start a new  life in the city with people who had essentially been modern day Pen Pals just minutes before.

I made the mental decision that day to clear any doubts I had of letting someone into our life by reminding myself that this was doing good for someone who deserved it. That it was okay for us to offer this because we were okay enough to offer a home to someone who had none. Great times followed, some sad times, some moments of holding each other through tears from sharing sad memories with one another of the lives we lived . Since my partner worked full time and I had just graduated Cosmetology School, we spent the most time together out all of us - you and I. Hell I spent more time with you than my own lover most days.

You very quickly became my Best Friend.

Always thankful, genuine in your gratitude. There’s always one specific moment I'll never forget, a moment my family still brings up at family get togethers - the memory of a fall day spent raking leaves together. My grandparents, my brother, my mom, my loving partner, and I .. & you. A Simple task that suddenly brought you to tears, and left you posing a question to us that I'll remember for my entire life..

"Is this what it's like to have a family?"

We were all like family at that time, weren't we?

I felt very grateful to have been given the opportunity to share my family with you. The same as I shared my home, my food, everything I possessed I shared with you. In return you truly were the friend I needed. I was more than happy to provide the space to help you begin to convert your small town life into your big city dreams.

Eventually my partner got you a starter job downtown at a pizza shop, the one you are now managing on your own.
Proud of you for taking those wings and running full speed is something I have always felt.

 For as much as you told me time and time again how I was a blessing in your life, you blessed mine just the same.

Fast forward 2 years, it's now COVID's world.

My anxiety has been egged on constantly for months now with  bombarding advertisements for Self Quarantine, Airborne= 6 ft Social Distancing, Stay Home Save Lives, etc. {Note: There is a large narrative that we will not go into detail of..] but amongst choices I had made, some new found "friends" whom my fiancé chose to keep around, my struggle with codependency and always supporting any decision that were mad in effort too keep the love of my life happy ..

I was ashamed of the small person I had allowed myself to become. Ashamed of how easy I had been to walk all over.
I was ashamed of certain components of my life.
Ashamed of the battles I was fighting every day to win, that I never truly won. 

So eventually, I secluded myself. Locked myself away into the one space I knew I had control over, my home. More specifically the large bedroom I share with the man whom I have built this life with over the last 8 years.

Upon submerging myself into the chaos I intended to gain control over, eventually I lost myself completely, I pushed everyone that mattered to me away.
Family.
Friends.
Even you, Josiah. 
Everyone.

Sadly I unknowingly began causing distance between myself and the man that has held my heart for nearly 8 years now.

I had left my body to a shell of its former self, the me that each and every one of you know wholeheartedly as a strong, loving, kind, hopeful, and generous individual - came to know only sadness, disarray, confusion, betrayal, and spite.

Hopelessness became my only friend.

Sadly, I never saw it, the change I was going through. It happened so slowly to me that I looked at myself as just another member of the "Stay Home Save Lives” Gang.
The reality was, I had allowed my fire to fizzle - the powerful creature I was had slowly morphed into a lonely hermit.

After a year that had already left my spirit exhausted, a painful blow came to me, one that I never thought would ever be my burden to bare.

An ache caused by combination of my suddenly distant soul and a moment of weakness from my protector.
I was left once again to question the invaluable price I had once placed on my own heart.

As we always do, we persevered, shot straight through the problem and eventually my heart was able to forgive and i could begin to heal. Now, I am but 6 months into the recovery process of mending my own heart and only 3 weeks into regaining control over my mind, body and spirit.

I am having to Undo what I have spent almost 2 years now, doing to myself.

I am having to relearn social norms, body languages, simple daily conversation - because I have spent more time alone or solely with my fiancé, than with anything that resembles friends, coworkers, even family.

It's not been easy for a boy with social anxiety to revert back to being social., but I am doing it for me and I am doing it because the man I love deserves to be with the person he asked to marry, so finding all the pieces of that person is exactly what I have been doing.
Puzzles, however, take time to complete.

Somewhere in between being my best friend and secluding within my own mind,
I must have erased the memory of the moment I earned hatred, pain, heartache, deceit, chaos, and loneliness, especially from you - Josiah. I keep trying to trace my memories for what terrible unforgivable thing I have done to you to deserve anything but the love friendship and generosity I have given you for all this time.

You should never have accepted the sweet honey from my loving hands if you couldn't stomach the boiling poison that I promised you would one day fill your gut if you ever returned my kind hearted ways with deceit or betrayal.

So forgive me for being blunt, but if it's eye for an eye we're playing here - I believe you're supposed to wait for me to send nudes to your fiancé before you send any to mine..

See I just don't think this game you have chosen to play with me is very fair, after all you don't have a fiancé, or even a boyfriend - that I can sext messages to begging him to come sleep with me in my bed, while he's sleeping next to you.

In fact if that is the game you have chosen to challenge me to, you first need to gain a long term relationship, engagement status of 4 years, loyalty and commitment of 8 years, purchase a home with said person, and begin a family of your own (minimum of 8 fur babies required).

You see, Josiah, unfortunately you have chosen to challenge me to a game for which you do not have the credentials nor meet the qualifications to play with me.

In life, we choose every day to either stand strong for ourselves or we choose to let other shape our destiny for us.

If I offer myself completely to you, friend lover or otherwise - then you agree to my one and only demand of transparent honesty.

-Trust-

I give you loyalty, respect, faith, any and everything you ask.
I only ask for trust. Without trust, after all, what do we have?

Relationships don't survive without it,
friendships rely on it,
hell even strangers give it to each other.

So if I can't trust you, we aren't friends,
acquaintances,
lovers,
we aren't even strangers.
We’re nothing.

And if you have proven yourself to be worthy of nothing to someone who has seen worth in even the most foul of creatures..

than FUCK the respect of keeping your shame from the worlds eyes.

(As I said before, some of you are going to read this with a jaw dropping expression of disbelief that the person you all know as me, would dare say such grunge over social media, would ever plaster someone's wrong doings for the world to judge...)

The tender heart I have always been tells me to forgive and forget,

the soul that has endured the pain inflicted by every person I have let into my life this year, tells me to grow some thorns or leave the fucking Rose bush.

Devil on left and angel to my right.

(If words offend you stop reading here)

How dare you.

How. Fucking. Dare. You.

How dare you attempt to litter the relationship I have given the last 8 years of my life to, with disgusting photos of your used body. 

How dare you crawl behind the back that once stood  strong to carry you through this world, to leave your rotten whispers in the ear of the man I have held for 8 years,  begging him to leave me lonely for you and the soiled bed you lie in.

How dare you even contemplate tempting the man who has praised my body, mind & soul since you were still in high school.

For years while I continued every single day to prove my loyalty and love, I remained consistent in my devotion to my partner.

During those same years, the rotten tongue you have so quickly offered to pleasure my husband with, and the gaping hole of a body  that tongue is attached to, was being ridden with infection from the countless men you allowed to deposit themselves into you. 
^ & I do mean MEN, not boys your own age.

While I was cooking, cleaning, loving, and supporting my husband, you were cooked, cleaned, loved, and bent over for everyone else's - and now you dare to attempt destroying the love that I have fought this  entire world for years to keep pure?

I have never wronged you, you have only ever benefited from my existence, and now you wish your toxic bowels to seep into the place I call home.

-You are a sick twisted little toy-

& you need to remember this for as long as you live,

-that is the ONLY thing you will ever be-

I pity what you have chosen to devote your time to.
I pity the creature you have become.
I pity whatever poor man falls victim to your grease box next.

I pity you & your rot-filled body.

For years I spent  being a true an honest friend of yours. I offered you my home, my life, my family, my love, my trust.. 

as well as being the only fool to find you worthy of a helping hand, leaving me as the only reason you aren't still living in the crack den we picked you up from or the jail cell the family you lived with was left to rot in after being raided mere weeks after taking you away and giving you a new place to call home.

The place that I shared with my  loving partner. 

It was our home,
my home...

My life,
my heart,
my mind
 Everything hurts right now.

I'm healing,
I'm teaching myself how to separate myself from people who have caused me pain.

I'm getting there. One step at a time.

Some of these days, are going to be uglier than I hoped for, and it is for this reason have written this Novel of a post.

I don't regret a single word I have shared today, for it's all truth.

I only allow things onto my social media that I find deserving of someone's time, if it's been allowed into the worlds view, then trust that I have said exactly what I intended to. For 8 hours I have sat off and on, editing, re-typing, not posting this message. Truth be told I was going to share this the other day. But the caring soul I have realized it was your birthday Josiah. My husband dissapeared with you that night too. 

I am sorry if anyone has found this post offensive. 

But I am hurting,
I am withered.
I am bruised.

and I am done allowing people to tatter the pages of my life.

Josiah,  if you were ever genuine in the friendship we shared. You will see that my husband is sick. He isn’t well. And you know the love I am capable of giving to someone. Especially that man. 

Josiah bring him home where he can heal. Where’s I can tend to him.   Please stop ruining my life. It’s the least I deserve for saving your so long ago. My love, my soul mate, bring back the love of my life. And then leave.  Forever

No matter how much pain you have caused me to feel, I hope nobody ever destroys you the way you have destroyed me.


🛑It’s cold - and my kitty is missing ✌🏽😞

If you live in downtown Omaha please keep your eyes open!! 

She’s got babies at home to take care of!!

Share this please!
I’ll let you all know when she’s found.
Thanks guys - I appreciate it.

🧐My poor adventurous dare-devil baby😪

🧘🏽‍♀️😿💗

Thanks everyone for the prayers and shares. You’ll be happy to know, Kaida is home safe and sound - that beautiful baby of mine enjoyed one mighty feast when she I found her -> well when she found me 😸💕✌🏽

The secret to life?
I had it once.

The secret to love?
I shared a home with it -once. 

The darkness in lust. . .
I craved it. .
once. 

In memories that seem like eons ago 
I ruled in love & reveled in wanderlust
until I found myself wondering - lost.

🥀

Forward


Regret is a word I have never truly understood, until now. My life was as beautiful as I was innocent, but it's gone now - and I've been left to look like the devil himself. 

Something inside of me still holds to believing I am much more than the choices I have made, but the choices I have made are coming back to remind me of the darkness that I came to destroy the world I had once devoted my life to making along with every beautiful thing that ever loved me enough to stay. 

I can't stop the war I waged on my mind.  Life had set it in motion but I never had a plan for life if it hadn't  Standing strong during the worst years of my life was supposed to find me surrounded by the beauty I had done everything short of killing myself to save.

In the end, that's not how it was…

While I had been the only one to put my life on the line  for everything we once had, my world went silent and I opened my eyes to find that everything was gone - and 3 years of torment and anger I had forced myself to endure to protect the beautiful life I once had - had simply left me broken and grieving the loss of every beautiful thing missing from my life. 

I used to be happy, but now .. chaos is all that remains..


It doesn’t look as good as it is in person. I t took my forever to draw her white fur with those gel pens. I didn’t know how to do white fur but I remembered her skin underneath was pink, so I colored her pink. And used my white gel pens to give her fur.. I used all of the ink in all the gel pens on them..  I also had to draw it three times before I could finally make it through to finish it without my tears wearing through the ink and causing the pink underneath to bleed.

I’m trying so hard to be a happier, to stop thinking about things sodeep, but I think about her every night when I’m going to sleep. I miss her, almost as much as I miss you.. I’m going to regret letting you give up on her for the rest of my life - & I’m going to how myself for being selfish enough to choose Kaido and Sheba over her, everytime I look at them. Combined they’re barely a year and a half aged, I mean Sheba just turned one year old. Maliah was seven years old, she spent almost half of the life she’ll live with us.

I already know what you’re gonna tell me. It's the same thing everybody tells me everytime I can’t stop thinking about it, ‘Cats don’t think like people’. I know.

Before the chaos, before the house even - taking care of all the beautiful things we had was my only job. I spent every single day with every single one of the cats we’ve had. People tell me cats don’t think like us like I don’t know that better than most anyone I know. But the thing that I don’t expect you or anyone else to fully understand, is why that is exactly what makes it so sad.  Cats don’t think like people, in fact the only thing cats know what we show them. The life we give them is the only thing they will ever know.  They can’t read books and they can’t use the Internet so why would we expect them to know to think anything different from what we raised them too..

The thing that breaks my heart every time I think about it is that for seven years, since she could fit into the palm of our hand, we were the only consistent thing about all of the different  lifes with us she had. No matter how much money, who we brought in or who broke In, how much food she had to eat, whether or not she had electricity - she knew that we were always there in the end because that’s what we taught her to think. We would always come back to take care of her and love her. I have 1,000 pictures and videos on my phone of her kissing your forehead, rolling around with you on the ground, and sleeping with you as all the proof the world needs to see how much she loved you. Because the only thing she ever knew, the only thing she was ever taught  to think was that we would always be there  - and that’s the reason, the real reason why she went into the kennel so willing when u asked her too. The only thing we’ve ever shown her - the only thought she’s capable of having is that wherever she was going, we would be there. 

Cats don’t think like people, that’s what makes it so fucking sad. Because if they did then she have understood what going into that kennel meant for her. She would’ve looked at me, and then she would’ve looked at you and said, “Why don’t you want me anymore daddy?”  - She wouldn’t have chosen to walk into that kennel if she knew she would never see you again..

I spent the last year of my life clawing my way through hell trying to prove my years of love and memories are worth more than the few months of someone you barely knew. I did everything in my power for a chance to say “Iloveyou, please don’t give up on me.”  Out of all people, I know exactly what it feels like to believe someone will never leave you, and then wake up lonely everyday.  I should have been there for her, as exhausted as my soul was at that point, I should have found the energy to say what she never had a chance to say. I hate myself for it more every day.

As the weeks go by that I don’t know where she is, that I don’t hear her screaming “hello!?” throughout the night or catch her hanging upside down again trying to grab her own tail, watching you lay with her as she curls up around your hand getting angry because you keep telling her she’s tired and she just keeps kicking & making noises trying to fight the sleep she knows she needs - I know I’ll never forgive myself for sacrificing her for kittens we were never supposed to have.. She didn’t deserve that. She deserved for someone to remember how special she really was, and how much she meant to us before the chaos drugs and Josie caused. We forgot how much she loved us back.

I miss all of them, they were all so special to me.. But I think about her the most, and it’s breaking me.. As much as I want to know she’s found a good home, I dare not call them.. If we’re honest with ourselves then we both know that as little as she was, she was a rebel - what we did was send her with a 50/50 chance for a new life - or never finishing the one she was living… I couldn’t live with myself if they told me she wasn’t alive because of what we did. Not knowing is the less painful regret I’ll live my life with.

I wake up every morning and spend my day trying to learn to forgive myself for something I haven’t yet, mistakes and regrets, one day at a time I’m slowly overcoming them. I am doing everything I can to be an optimistic and happy person, I don’t want to live in misery. Quite honestly I hate it. But I’m coming to terms with the fact that abandoning her, giving her away, forgetting how many memories she was worth to us, is one regret I’ll never allow myself forgiveness, I have to live with that.

I’m sorry I get sad sometimes. I won’t always be this way, I promise. Just try to understand. I’m fighting to find somewhere to call home, against every piece of loneliness and regret I’ve been left to live with - this heart is heavy lately. There are so many beautiful things missing from it… I’m still mourning - for me, for you, for us - for them. Because,cat’s might not think like people - but I know she thinks about you and me.

I miss you. Iloveyou. I’m trying.


I don’t embarrass myself. I don’t choose to breakdown so I can look like a fool to everyone else. I choose to be good to you until you e been so bad to me that I let just a piece of how you treat me slip. And just a taste of it handed back your way makes you go insane and leaves me with all the blame. “Shut the fuck up” “I’m done doing this” “I will embarrass you in front of everyone” “I will beat the shit out of you” You are supposed to be the only one I can rely on to never leave me broken down. But you always choose to be the one who threatens to tear me down. 

When did you become so heartless and when did you start choosing to be sick enough to tell me you love me and do everything you can to make sure I’m left alone repeating every word you said that made me feel like an idiot for believing you would ever care. 

You’re done doing this - but you’re the only one doing this … So you’re not done doing this.  But I’m done letting you do this to me when you told me you would love me like I deserved.

I feel alone in this world. Every single day. Why that doesn’t matter to you or affect the choices you make - I’ll never understand.  And I’m giving up trying to pretend there will ever be enough that I could do to deserve being treated like I used to. Like I really was the most important thing that would always matter most to you. 

Life isn’t fair - but what I’ve been left to feel - this is a torture I never will deserve. Asking you to treat me right shouldn’t leave me threatened to be embarrassed, put in jail, or beat up in front of everyone who never cared. 


If loving me is too hard - then I’m sorry you can’t even love someone who keeps giving it to you for free. 


I can't stop the war I had waged on my mind.  Life had set it in motion but I never had a plan for life if it hadn't  Standing strong during the worst years of my life was supposed to find me surrounded by the beauty I had done everything short of killing myself to save. In the end, that's not how it was.  While I had been the only one to put my life on the line  for everything we once had, my world went silent and I opened my eyes to find that everything was gone - and 3 years of torment and anger I had forced myself to endure to protect the beautiful life I once had - had simply left me broken and grieving the loss of every beautiful thing missing from my life. 


I never thought that my life would end up as beaten and broken as it has been left. In a thousand fairytales, not one of them had mentioned the possibility of love being the fuel to a fire that would come back to destroy everything I knew. There is no endings that I had read that had prepared me for what my heart would force me through

  How many times can we undo the damage that we have done before it becomes permanent? How many times can a human break before they are broken for good? And how many times can we lay down our hearts with closed eyes filled with trust and wake up to find it shattered and our eyes blind before we are worth enough to choose to love us this time. 

It might be true that we all deserve the love that we give, but it is also true that not all of us get the love that we have earned.

When love is the only thing you choose to give - who would choose to ask you to accept something that causes you pain, over and over again?

How many times can our hearts be broken and our trust be returned blinded before we have no choice to leave them that way… No one should have to earn the right to stop being broken.. and no one should ever be blamed for the cracks someone else has given them. 

If love is all I have given - then why am I told it’s my fault my own heart keeps being left broken. I never chose to do that, so I don’t deserve to be told I did it to myself - you did… 




















WanderLost


My life was beautiful disaster from the start. 7 years ago I was shown an award-winning lifestyle with a boy I fell in love with the first night he held my hand. Every year since then has been a soap opera to say the least. Hitting hard times always balanced out with the best times of my life. Those 6 years of highs and lows had left us bonded like no couple I had ever known. Almost 2 years ago his dad passed away. I had watched this boy I loved struggle through life with me for 6 long years, if anyone deserved a leg up in life, it was most definitely him. Estranged from his dad, I knew it was a long shot but I knew I had to be the one to look towards the end of this tunnel, keeping an eye out for that so called "light". So emotions set aside, I reminded him that everything his father owned - was his.

Fast forward a few months & the legalities were all settled, and we're on our way to owning our very first home together. It wasn't a mansion by any means, but it was a home - our home.  And the property it rested on, was spacious, beautiful, and priivate- one of a kind on the edge of a very busy urban downtown. The home itself, a complete fucking disaster. But it was our home, my home - his home. So I spent every waking minute of every hour cleaning, emptying, packing, repainting and cleaning again. Until it was finally resembling what could be a home for us to stay.

Fast forward again, 2019 and Covid-19 hits. My fiance had already quit his job. We were barely getting by, but were no longer paying any mortage or bills that came our way. Things began to get stressful, very stressful. I do everything I can using Covid as an excuse to reach out for a helping hand.

It finally came, in the form of Unemployment Benefits, Food Stamps, and the Stimulus Package for Disaster Relief from the COVID Pandemic. Thousands and thousands of dollars were flowing into our bank accounts. See I'm never not thinking about the future and my fiance, where we'll end up. So for every dollar I spent - I sent one to be stashed away for a rainy day in one of my other bank accounts because 6 years had taught me that we can not be trusted to be financially responsible when money comes our way.

He'll never admit to it, or maybe he will, either way he'll say it was money well spent - but my fiance received nearly twice what I was in benefits - over $1,000 in free money, every week, for 6 months. & while I was purchasing stuff for the remodel, stuff for the future, making up for the 6 years I couldn't afford to gift him anything worth value, and still managing to save half of my earnings - for every dollar my fiance spent on daily living expenses, he spent another on himself. I believed he deserved to spoil himself, I didn't understand the disconnect from preparing for the day the money stopped flowing, but I knew he had done so much for me over the years that it wasn't my place to tell him what wallet to put his money in. I guess I  was secretly hoping he had an undercover plan like mine, that he was secretly paying off the house and that's why his pockets were always empty before the next deposit came. The letters from the bank and $2.000 electric bill that my measly $600 couldn't catch up with after already paying what other bills I could afford at the time.

That's when things started to change. He started to change.

I sat at home and focused on preparing for a life I had spent 7 years crying out for. Deciding to turn this home into an air BnB as a ensured form of permanent income for us, left me with a LONG list of to-do's. Funding it by myself began showing impossible. The fun money throwing life once again became stressful, my fiance seemed distant, we began arguing more and more until it was at the point of seeming like pure hatred. Life was always good when we could spend what we wanted, but as soon as a bill slapped us in the face, anything stressful really - it became the 'blame' game. As if nothing I had spent, invested, and gifted throughout my entire Pandemic Benefits mattered anymore. Now the focus was shifted, put on our relationship, on the cause, and it was me. While I was sitting focused, admtidly probably too focused on the  future most of time, on our life - I apparently overlooked what he eventually said were desires for attention that I shut down. The distance I had been feeling was realized to be completely my fault. While he seemed to be having fun making friends and riding the motorcycles he bought himself, my uninvolvement in his social life was apparently causing root problems.


The secret to life?
I knew it, once. 

The secret to love?
I shared a home with it, once. 

The darkness in lust…
I craved it, once.

In a lifetime that seems like eons ago, I danced with it in a world where I ruled in love and reveled in wanderlust..

Until I found myself wandering - lost.


Why was I so easy to lie to? Why was I so easy to forget? Why did I deserve to be swept under the rug by you?


I’m trying to understand what is really going on but none of this makes any fucking sense. 

I don’t know what he tells you, or Nathan, or Nike. I only know what he tells me but clearly I’ve been left to look like the crazy person who chases him around - allover again. 

So I guess I hope you take the time to read this - im going to tell you exactly what he tells me and hope it’s enough for you to share the pieces that don’t line up with what you know…

First thing - he continues to tell me repeatedly that he isn’t sleeping with anyone but me and I have no reason to be worried that he is because his intentions are only with me.
He tells me that he has no intentions with you and your intentions are purely on running bags and spending time with all your “sugar daddies” as he calls them. 
He tells me that he has no intentions with Nathan and Nathan is dealing with psychosis from a GHb overdose and that’s the reason for the messages he sent to Deacon saying he loved him and calling him his partner. 
He tells me that the only reason I’m not welcome at Nikes apartment is because she doesn’t have a good taste in her mouth about me for the little bit she does know about me, because that is your friend. He also tells me Nathan has been staying there with her too due to night terrors from his Psychosis. 
Ultimately what he tells me every single time I drop him off is that you and Nathan know a lot of people who smoke the shit he has been selling - that’s the justification he gives for talking to 2 boys he cheated on me with. And then he tells me in the end he will have a chance to take over Nike’s lease, if I would just “shut the fuck up and chill” for long enough then you’d all have helped him make enough money to pay off my court fines and still save enough to have whatever we needed when the time came to take over Nikes lease and I could move in. 

I know there’s a different story he has to telling you and I’m sure the one you know is different from the one Nathan’s been told. I’ve thought that for a while but I finally saw a piece of it these last few days when you told me he asks you to hide him like he doesn’t kiss me and tell me he loves me every time he leaves - and yesterday when I dropped him off at the front door for the first time and had yelled his name to get his attention as he was walking inside and he turned around and looked me dead the eyes and said “stop freaking out or im going to call the cops on you”  - like he didn’t just tell me he was going to give you a bag to sell and would be back in “2 hours tops” to spend the night, again, with me. Like I was freaking out at all… like it was a big secret that he’s my partner and the world had to think he wanted nothing to do with me..  but that’s not the story he keeps coming back to make make me believe, every time he cones back to sleep with me and tells me he loves me… 

The last 4 times I’ve dropped him off to sell a quick sack - hr tells me he’ll call me to come pick him up again in an hour or 2 but then turns his phone off and comes back the next day saying he fell out and slept all night, or had been chasing down dope or money he’s owed in Lincoln - the only fights we ever have is : 
if I assume he’s been lying to me about his time with Nathan and you
Or if I try to tell him it’s wrong to talk to any boy you cheated with on your partner. 

Whatever crazy I am or world ending arguements you all think we have, it’s not true. Because we didn’t fight, at all. Until he started talking to the boys who did me wrong. And that’s the reason he didn’t come home that night. Because I found his hidden texting app and confronted him about it. And he’s been gone ever since. 

So that’s what I know. That’s everything I’ve been told. Believe it or not, I’m over fighting with you. I had finally started smiling again and felt for the first time in a long time that I would find the happiness I was missing in the world we were creating, a world that people who had been willing to hurt me didn’t exist in. Now I’m just trying to find the reason they’re back in it - because I don’t believe the one he gives me.

He’s not your employer, you’re not making him money, Nathan’s doesn’t know a million addicts for Deacon to sell to, he’s not calling D his partner because the psychosis he has from overdosing.  We have our own reasons to be fighting you and me - but Nathan and Nike and anyone who has never even met me, there’s no reason I’ve given anyone to think I’m anything but everything I’ve done to still be here loving Deacon. 

If I’m wrong then im sorry. 2 years of being lied to has made it hard to trust anything anyone tells me. 

But if im not - before you block me or ignore me. . . I hope you find it in you to offer me the “truth” he has given to you.  I’ve spent enough years being run down and lied to by people who never had a reason to.  I’m facing 20 years for a stolen firearm, a felony that I didn’t commit. A gun that was held to my head - and I’m protecting the person who held it. If he’s using me - I don’t deserve that. Nobody does. Not me, not you, not even Deacon. 

Call me bitter or spiteful but we both know I’ve only ever lashed out at people who chose to cut me first when they never had a reason to. Those people, this drug, and my loyalty have cost me everything. If there’s one thing I have earned - it’s honesty.

As usual, I’m sorry for sending you a novel, I know you have no desire to read. 🥀

